personally {'Under the doctrine of the separation of powers, the manner in which the president personally exercises his assigned executive powers is not subject to questioning by another branch of government. -Richard Nixon': 1, 'I always cheer up immensely if an attack is particularly wounding because I think, well, if they attack one personally, it means they have not a single political argument left. -Margaret Thatcher': 1} 
desirable {'Being is desirable because it is identical with Beauty, and Beauty is loved because it is Being. We ourselves possess Beauty when we are true to our own being; ugliness is in going over to another order; knowing ourselves, we are beautiful; in self-ignorance, we are ugly. -Ambrose Bierce': 1} 
yellow {'There are painters who transform the sun to a yellow spot, but there are others who with the help of their art and their intelligence, transform a yellow spot into the sun. -Pablo Picasso': 2} 
four {'On account of being a democracy and run by the people, we are the only nation in the world that has to keep a government four years, no matter what it does. -Will Rogers': 1, 'Four-fifths of all our troubles would disappear, if we would only sit down and keep still. -Calvin Coolidge': 1, 'Rome remained free for four hundred years and Sparta eight hundred, although their citizens were armed all that time; but many other states that have been disarmed have lost their liberties in less than forty years. -Nicolo Machiavelli': 1, "The statistics on sanity are that one out of every four Americans are suffering from some form of mental illness. Think of your three best friends. If they're okay, then it's you. -Rita Mae Brown": 1, "I've worked for four presidents and watched two others up close, and I know that there's no such thing as a routine day in the Oval Office. -Dick Cheney": 1} 
hath {'Well-timed silence hath more eloquence than speech. -Martin Farquhar Tupper': 1} 
protest {'Against criticism a man can neither protest nor defend himself; he must act in spite of it, and then it will gradually yield to him. -Johann Wolfgang von Goethe': 1} 
sleep {'A few hours of mountain climbing turn a villain and a saint into two rather equal creature. Exhaustion is the shortest way to equality and fraternity, and liberty is added eventually by sleep. -Friedrich Nietzsche': 1, 'With the sleep of dreams comes nightmares. -William Shakespeare': 1, "Of all tyrannies, a tyranny exercised for the good of its victims may be the most oppressive. It may be better to live under robber barons than under omnipotent moral busybodies. The robber baron's cruelty may sometimes sleep, his cupidity may at some point be satiated; but those who torment us for our own good will torment us without end, for they do so with the approval of their own conscience. -C.S. Lewis": 1, 'People sleep peaceably in their beds at night only because rough men stand ready to do violence on their behalf. -George Orwell': 1, 'Money can help you to get medicines but not health. Money can help you to get soft pillows, but not sound sleep. Money can help you to get material comforts, but not eternal bliss. Money can help you to get ornaments, but not beauty. Money will help you to get an electric earphone, but not natural hearing. Attain the supreme wealth, wisdom, and you will have everything. -Benjamin Franklin': 1} 
hanging {'Hanging is too good for a man who makes puns -- he should be drawn and quoted. -Fred Allen': 1} 
consists {'Fanaticism consists of redoubling your efforts when you have forgotten your aim. -George Santayana': 1, 'Art, like morality, consists in drawing the line somewhere. -GK Chesterton': 1, 'Nothing before had ever made me thoroughly realise, though I had read various scientific books, that science consists in grouping facts so that general laws or conclusions may be drawn from them. -Charles Darwin': 1, 'Government consists in nothing else but so controlling subjects that they shall neither be able to, nor have cause to do it harm. -Nicolo Machiavelli': 1} 
captain {'If the primary aim of a captain were to preserve his ship, he would keep it in port forever. -Thomas Aquinas': 1} 
hate {'If there is any principle of the Constitution that more imperatively calls for attachment than any other it is the principle of free thought, not free thought for those who agree with us but freedom for the thought that we hate. -Oliver Wendell Holmes': 1, 'I honestly think it is better to be a failure at something you love than to be a success at something you hate. -George Burns': 1, 'I like television. I still believe that television is the most powerful form of communication on Earth -- I just hate what is being done with it. -Alton Brown': 1, 'I hate war as only a soldier who has lived it can, only as one who has seen its brutality, its futility, its stupidity. -Dwight Eisenhower': 1} 
consider {'Observe constantly that all things take place by change, and accustom thyself to consider that the nature of the Universe love nothing so much as to change. The Universe is change. -Marcus Aurelius': 1} 
whose {'Christmas can be celebrated in the school room with pine trees, tinsel and reindeers, but there must be no mention of the man whose birthday is being celebrated. One wonders how a teacher would answer if a student asked why it was called Christmas. -Ronald Reagan': 1, 'War - an act of violence whose object is to constrain the enemy, to accomplish our will. -George Washington': 1, "'Tis the business of little minds to shrink, but he whose heart is firm, and whose conscience approves his conduct, will pursue his principles unto death. -Thomas Paine": 2, "The function of RAM is to give us guys a way of deciding whose computer has the biggest, studliest, most tumescent MEMORY. This is important, because with today's complex software, the more memory a computer has, the faster it can produce error messages. So the bottom line is, if you're a guy, you cannot have enough RAM. -Dave Barry": 1, 'I have never started a poem yet whose end I knew. Writing a poem is discovering. -Robert Frost': 1, 'No doubt those who really founded modern science were usually those whose love of truth exceeded their love of power. -C.S. Lewis': 1} 
feeding {"The days of looking the other way while despotic regimes trample human rights, rob their nations' wealth, and then excuse their failings by feeding their people a steady diet of anti-Western hatred are over. -Dick Cheney": 1} 
patches {'America is not like a blanket: one piece of unbroken cloth, the same color, the same texture, the same size. America is more like a quilt: many patches, many pieces, many colors, many sizes, all woven and held together by a common thread. -Jesse Jackson': 1} 
spew {"Without computers, the government would be unable to function at the level of effectiveness and efficiency that we have come to expect.  This is because the primary function of the government is -- and here I am quoting directly from the U.S. Constitution -- 'to spew out paper.' -Dave Barry": 1} 
painters {'There are painters who transform the sun to a yellow spot, but there are others who with the help of their art and their intelligence, transform a yellow spot into the sun. -Pablo Picasso': 1} 
boastfulness {'Serious sport has nothing to do with fair play. It is bound up with hatred, jealousy, boastfulness, disregard of all rules and sadistic pleasure in witnessing violence. In other words: it is war minus the shooting. -George Orwell': 1} 
edward {'In life, as in art, the beautiful moves in curves. -Edward Bulwer-Lytton': 1} 
brilliant {'My most brilliant achievement was my ability to be able to persuade my wife to marry me. -Winston Churchill': 1} 
under {'Every decent man is ashamed of the government he lives under. -Henry Mencken': 1, 'Under the doctrine of the separation of powers, the manner in which the president personally exercises his assigned executive powers is not subject to questioning by another branch of government. -Richard Nixon': 1, 'You know what the fellow said: In Italy for thirty years under the Borgias they had warfare, terror, murder, and bloodshed, but they produced Michaelangelo, Leonardo Da Vinci, and the Renaissance. In Switzerland, they had brotherly love--they had five hundred years of democracy and peace, and what did they produce? The cuckoo clock. -Orson Welles': 1, "If everything seems under control, you're just not going fast enough. -Mario Andretti": 1, 'The MPAA rates this PG-13. It is too vulgar for anyone under 13, and too dumb for anyone over 13. -Roger Ebert': 1, 'Back in the old days, most families were close-knit. Grown children and their parents continued to live together, under the same roof, sometimes in the same small, crowded room, year in and year out, until they died, frequently by strangulation. -Dave Barry': 1, 'Nothing gives one person so much advantage over another as to remain always cool and unruffled under all circumstances. -Thomas Jefferson': 1, "Of all tyrannies, a tyranny exercised for the good of its victims may be the most oppressive. It may be better to live under robber barons than under omnipotent moral busybodies. The robber baron's cruelty may sometimes sleep, his cupidity may at some point be satiated; but those who torment us for our own good will torment us without end, for they do so with the approval of their own conscience. -C.S. Lewis": 2, "Speeches are for the younger men who are going places. And I'm not going anyplace except six feet under the floor of that little chapel adjoining the museum and library at Abilene. -Dwight Eisenhower": 1} 
teaching {'The object of teaching a child is to enable him to get along without a teacher. -Elbert Hubbard': 1, 'Just think of the tragedy of teaching children not to doubt. -Clarence Darrow': 1} 
tyrannies {"Of all tyrannies, a tyranny exercised for the good of its victims may be the most oppressive. It may be better to live under robber barons than under omnipotent moral busybodies. The robber baron's cruelty may sometimes sleep, his cupidity may at some point be satiated; but those who torment us for our own good will torment us without end, for they do so with the approval of their own conscience. -C.S. Lewis": 1} 
pride {'Through pride we are ever deceiving ourselves. But deep down below the surface of the average conscience a still, small voice says to us, something is out of tune. -Carl Jung': 1} 
worth {"No distance of place or lapse of time can lessen the friendship of those who are thoroughly persuaded of each other's worth. -Robert Southey": 1, 'There is no glory in battle worth the blood it costs. -Dwight Eisenhower': 1, 'Christ died for men precisely because men are not worth dying for; to make them worth it. -C.S. Lewis': 2, 'Education is an admirable thing, but it is well to remember from time to time that nothing that is worth knowing can be taught. -Oscar Wilde': 1, "A nickel isn't worth a dime today. -Yogi Berra": 1, 'The least of things with a meaning is worth more in life than the greatest of things without it. -Carl Jung': 1, "No matter what they're charging to get in, it's worth more to get out. -Roger Ebert": 1, 'Either write something worth reading or do something worth writing. -Benjamin Franklin': 2, "Those who are preoccupied with 'making a statement' usually don't have any statements worth making. -Thomas Sowell": 1, "I paid too much for it, but it's worth it. -Samuel Goldwyn": 1} 
louder {"When this girl at the museum asked me who I liked better, Monet or Manet, I said, 'I like mayonnaise.' She just stared at me, so I said it again, louder. Then she left. I guess she went to try to find some mayonnaise for me. -Jack Handey": 1} 
risk {'Nothing noble is done without risk. -Andr\xe9 Gide': 1} 
blanket {'America is not like a blanket: one piece of unbroken cloth, the same color, the same texture, the same size. America is more like a quilt: many patches, many pieces, many colors, many sizes, all woven and held together by a common thread. -Jesse Jackson': 1} 
rise {'Let the river roll which way it will, cities will rise on its banks. -Ralph Waldo Emerson': 1, 'It is the dissimilarities and inequalities among men which give rise to the notion of honor; as such differences become less, it grows feeble; and when they disappear, it will vanish too. -Alexis de Tocqueville': 1, "Nothing is wrong with Southern California that a rise in the ocean level wouldn't cure. -Kenneth Millar": 1, 'My formula for success is rise early, work late, and strike oil. -Paul Getty': 1, 'He that fights and runs away, may turn and fight another day; but he that is in battle slain, will never rise to fight again. -Tacitus': 1, 'From kindergarten to graduation, I went to public schools, and I know that they are a key to being sure that every child has a chance to succeed and to rise in the world. -Dick Cheney': 1} 
women's {"There cannot be true democracy unless women's voices are heard. -Hillary Clinton": 1} 
disobedient {'The man who disobeys his parents will have disobedient sons. -Nachman of Bratslav': 1} 
every {'Every decent man is ashamed of the government he lives under. -Henry Mencken': 1, 'God enters by a private door into every individual. -Ralph Waldo Emerson': 1, 'We do survive every moment, after all, except the last one. -John Updike': 1, "In every man's heart there is a secret nerve that answers to the vibrations of beauty. -Christopher Morley": 1, 'Every year, back comes Spring, with nasty little birds yapping their fool heads off and the ground all mucked up with plants. -Dorothy Parker': 1, 'I have one yardstick by which I test every major problem-and that yardstick is: Is it good for America? -Dwight Eisenhower': 1, "Middle age is when you've met so many people that every new person you meet reminds you of someone else. -Ogden Nash": 1, 'I have often wondered how it is that every man loves himself more than all the rest of men, but yet sets less value on his own opinion of himself than on the opinion of others. -Marcus Aurelius': 1, 'Every woman knows all about everything. -Rudyard Kipling': 1, 'If we will be quiet and ready enough, we shall find compensation in every disappointment. -Henry Thoreau': 1, 'Every man must decide whether he will walk in the light of creative altruism or in the darkness of destructive selfishness. -Martin Luther King Jr.': 1, 'Every gun that is made, every warship launched, every rocket fired, signifies in the final sense a theft from those who hunger and are not fed, those who are cold and are not clothed. -Dwight Eisenhower': 3, 'No human relation gives one possession in another...every two souls are absolutely different. In friendship and in love, the two side by side raise hands together to find what one cannot reach alone. -Kahlil Gibran': 1, "I'm the type who'd be happy not going anywhere as long as I was sure I knew exactly what was happening at the places I wasn't going to. I'm the type who'd like to sit home and watch every party that I'm invited to on a monitor in my bedroom. -Andy Warhol": 1, 'Every difference of opinion is not a difference of principle. We have called by different names brethren of the same principle. -Thomas Jefferson': 1, 'We turn not older with years, but newer every day. -Emily Dickinson': 1, 'Every exit is an entry somewhere. -Tom Stoppard': 1, "If your kid makes one of those little homemade guitars out of a cigar box and rubber bands, don't let him just play it once or twice and then throw it away. Make him practice on it, every day, for about three hours a day. Later, he'll thank you. -Jack Handey": 1, 'It behooves every man to remember that the work of the critic is of altogether secondary importance, and that, in the end, progress is accomplished by the man who does things. -Theodore Roosevelt': 1, 'The mystic chords of memory, stretching from every battlefield and patriot grave to every living heart and hearthstone all over this broad land, will yet swell the chorus of the Union, when again touched, as surely they will be, by the better angels of our nature. -Abraham Lincoln': 2, 'Love is a fruit in season at all times, and within reach of every hand. -Mother Teresa': 1, "I'm a middle age white guy, which means I'm constantly reminded that my particular group is responsible for the oppression of every known minority PLUS most wars PLUS government corruption PLUS pollution of the environment, not to mention that it was middle-age white guys who killed Bambi's mom. -Dave Barry": 1, 'As every divided kingdom falls, so every mind divided between many studies confounds and saps itself. -Leonardo da Vinci': 2, "The statistics on sanity are that one out of every four Americans are suffering from some form of mental illness. Think of your three best friends. If they're okay, then it's you. -Rita Mae Brown": 1, 'The time which we have at our disposal every day is elastic; the passions we feel expand it, those that we inspire contract it, and habit fills up what remains. -Marcel Proust': 1, 'I mistrust the judgment of every man in a case in which his own wishes are concerned. -Daniel Webster': 1, 'To have the reputation of possessing the most perfect social tact, talk to every woman as if you loved her, and to every man as if he bored you. -Oscar Wilde': 2, 'From the prodigious hilltops of New Hampshire, let freedom ring. From the mighty mountains of New York, let freedom ring. From the heightening Alleghenies of Pennsylvania, let freedom ring. But not only that: Let freedom ring from every hill and molehill of Mississippi. -Martin Luther King Jr.': 1, "Every author should weigh his work and ask, 'Will humanity gain any benefit from it?' -Nachman of Bratslav": 1, 'From kindergarten to graduation, I went to public schools, and I know that they are a key to being sure that every child has a chance to succeed and to rise in the world. -Dick Cheney': 1} 
govern {'There are men in all ages who mean to govern well, but they mean to govern. They promise to be good masters, but they mean to be masters. -Daniel Webster': 2} 
microbe {'For each illness that doctors cure with medicine, they provoke ten in healthy people by inoculating them with the virus that is a thousand times more powerful than any microbe: the idea that one is ill. -Marcel Proust': 1} 
stabbed {'Opera is when a guy gets stabbed in the back and, instead of bleeding, he sings. -Ed Gardner': 1} 
courageous {'He who is not courageous enough to take risks will accomplish nothing in life. -Muhammad Ali': 1} 
vast {'Just as your hand, held before the eye, can hide the tallest mountain, so this small earthly life keeps us from seeing the vast radiance that fills the core of the universe. -Nachman of Bratslav': 1} 
look {'The invisible and the non-existent look very much alike. -Delos McKown': 1, 'Dogs look up to you. Cats look down on you. Pigs treat you like equals. -Winston Churchill': 2, 'It is very easy to tell the difference between man-made and God-made objects. The more you magnify man-made objects, the cruder they look, but the more you magnify God-made objects, the more precise and intricate they appear. -Luther Sutherland': 1, "There are people who put their dreams in a little box and say, Yes, I've got dreams, of course I've got dreams. Then they put the box away and bring it out once in awhile to look in it, and yep, they're still there. -Erna Bombeck": 1, "Just because I look sexy on the cover of Rolling Stone doesn't mean I'm naughty. -Britney Spears": 1, 'When nothing seems to help, I go and look at a stonecutter hammering away at his rock perhaps a hundred times without as much as a crack showing in it. Yet at the hundred and first blow it will split in two, and I know it was not that blow that did it, but all that had gone before. -Jacob August Riis': 1, "Some folks look at me and see a certain swagger, which in Texas is called 'walking.' -George W. Bush": 1, 'Corrupt politicians make the other ten percent look bad. -Henry Kissinger': 1} 
school {'Christmas can be celebrated in the school room with pine trees, tinsel and reindeers, but there must be no mention of the man whose birthday is being celebrated. One wonders how a teacher would answer if a student asked why it was called Christmas. -Ronald Reagan': 1, 'Everyone is in awe of the lion tamer in a cage with half a dozen lions -- everyone but a school bus driver. -Laurence Peter': 1} 
skills {'The Democrats seem to be basically nicer people, but they have demonstrated time and again that they have the management skills of celery. -Dave Barry': 1} 
solution {'Government is not a solution to our problem, government is the problem. -Ronald Reagan': 1} 
john mccain {'Washington is a Hollywood for ugly people. Hollywood is a Washington for the simpleminded. -John McCain': 1} 
cholesterol {"It is a scientific fact that your body will not absorb cholesterol if you take it from another person's plate. -Dave Barry": 1} 
james michener {'I love writing. I love the swirl and swing of words as they tangle with human emotions. -James Michener': 1} 
artist {'All children are artists. The problem is how to remain an artist once he grows up. -Pablo Picasso': 1, "I don't work according to nature, but infront and together with it. An artist must observe the nature, but never confuse it with the art. -Pablo Picasso": 1, 'I have been the artist with the longest career, and I am so proud and honoured to be chosen from heaven to be invincible. -Michael Jackson': 1} 
triumph {'Love is the triumph of imagination over intelligence. -Henry Mencken': 1} 
clothes {'Such is the delicacy of man alone, that no object is produced to his liking. He finds that in everything there is need for improvement. The whole industry of human life is employed not in procuring the supply of our three humble necessities, food, clothes and lodging, but in procuring the conveniences of it according to the nicety and delicacy of our tastes. -Adam Smith': 1, 'Nothing separates the generations more than music. By the time a child is eight or nine, he has developed a passion for his own music that is even stronger than his passions for procrastination and weird clothes. -Bill Cosby': 1} 
enjoy {'I wake each morning torn between the desire to improve the world and the desire to enjoy it. It makes it hard to plan the day. -E.B. White': 1, "Never continue in a job you don't enjoy. If you're happy in what you're doing, you'll like yourself, you'll have inner peace. And if you have that, along with physical health, you will have had more success than you could possibly have imagined. -Johnny Carson": 1} 
entertained {'People will pay more to be entertained than educated. -Johnny Carson': 1} 
force {'Though force can protect in emergency, only justice, fairness, consideration and cooperation can finally lead men to the dawn of eternal peace. -Dwight Eisenhower': 1, 'Alexander, Caesar, Charlemagne, and myself founded empires; but what foundation did we rest the creations of our genius? Upon force. Jesus Christ founded an empire upon love; and at this hour millions of men would die for Him. -Napoleon Bonaparte': 1, 'If the United Nations once admits that international disputes can be settled by using force, then we will have destroyed the foundation of the organization and our best hope of establishing a world order. -Dwight Eisenhower': 1, 'Never give in--never, never, never, never, in nothing great or small, large or petty, never give in except to convictions of honour and good sense. Never yield to force; never yield to the apparently overwhelming might of the enemy. -Winston Churchill': 1, 'Government is not reason; it is not eloquent; it is force. Like fire, it is a dangerous servant and a fearful master. -George Washington': 1, 'There is only one force of history that can break the reign of hatred and resentment, and expose the pretensions of tyrants, and reward the hopes of the decent and tolerant, and that is the force of human freedom. -George W. Bush': 2, 'The broad masses of a population are more amenable to the appeal of rhetoric than to any other force. -Adolf Hitler': 1} 
leaders {'The thing we all have to understand to put these last two years in focus, is that liberals in this country care more about whether European leaders like us than they do about whether terrorists are killing us. -Rush Limbaugh': 1, 'Of course the people dont want war...that is understood. But voice or no voice, the people can always be brought to the bidding of the leaders. That is easy. All you have to do is tell them they are being attacked, and denounce the pacifists for lack of patriotism and exposing the country to danger. It works the same in any country. -Hermann Goering': 1} 
quilt {'America is not like a blanket: one piece of unbroken cloth, the same color, the same texture, the same size. America is more like a quilt: many patches, many pieces, many colors, many sizes, all woven and held together by a common thread. -Jesse Jackson': 1} 
tired {'Men marry because they are tired; women because they are curious. Both are disappointed. -Oscar Wilde': 1, 'The ACLU is always yakking about the Constitution, and most of us are getting mighty tired of it. I mean, if the Constitution is so great, how come it was amended so many times? Huh? -Dave Barry': 1, 'There is a great deal of difference between an eager man who wants to read a book and the tired man who wants a book to read. -GK Chesterton': 1, 'It is only our bad temper that we put down to being tired or worried or hungry; we put our good temper down to ourselves. -C.S. Lewis': 1} 
awake {"You don't have to stay up nights to succeed; you have to stay awake days. -Author Unknown": 1, "There's nothing sadder in this world than to awake Christmas morning and not be a child. -Erna Bombeck": 1, 'To be awake is to be alive. -Henry Thoreau': 1} 
welfare {"It is necessary for the welfare of society that genius should be privileged to utter sedition, to blaspheme, to outrage good taste, to corrupt the youthful mind, and generally to scandalize one's uncles. -George Bernard Shaw": 1} 
supersitition {'When the human race has once acquired a supersitition nothing short of death is ever likely to remove it. -Mark Twain': 1} 
preacher {"My role in society, or any artist's or poet's role, is to try and express what we all feel. Not to tell people how to feel. Not as a preacher, not as a leader, but as a reflection of us all. -John Lennon": 1} 
second {'Success does not consist in never making mistakes but in never making the same one a second time. -George Bernard Shaw': 1, 'Death is psychologically as important as birth. Shrinking away from it is something unhealthy and abnormal which robs the second half of life of its purpose. -Carl Jung': 1, "This is the second most exciting indoor sport, and the other one shouldn't have spectators. -Dick Vertleib": 1, 'Errors of haste are seldom committed singly. The first time a man always does too much. And precisely on that account he commits a second error, and then he does too little. -Friedrich Nietzsche': 1} 
street {'The leading cause of death among fashion models is falling through street grates. -Dave Barry': 1, "Many a man's reputation would not know his character if they met on the street. -Elbert Hubbard": 1, "All I want out of life, is that when I walk down the street folks will say, 'There goes the greatest hitter that ever lived.' -Ted Williams": 1} 
blaspheme {"It is necessary for the welfare of society that genius should be privileged to utter sedition, to blaspheme, to outrage good taste, to corrupt the youthful mind, and generally to scandalize one's uncles. -George Bernard Shaw": 1} 
valiant {'Cowards die many times before their deaths. The valiant never taste of death but once. -William Shakespeare': 1} 
friendships {'In politics shared hatreds are almost always the basis of friendships. -Alexis de Tocqueville': 1} 
loathing {'Any reviewer who expresses rage and loathing for a novel is preposterous. He or she is like a person who has put on full armor and attacked a hot fudge sundae. -Kurt Vonnegut': 1} 
shining {'There is no strength in unbelief. Even the unbelief of what is false is no source of might. It is the truth shining from behind that gives the strength to disbelieve. -George MacDonald': 1, 'Self-denial is the shining sore on the leprous body of Christianity. -Oscar Wilde': 1} 
even {'There is a theory which states that if ever anyone discovers exactly what the Universe is for and why it is here, it will instantly disappear and be replaced by something even more bizarre and inexplicable. There is another theory which states that this has already happened. -Douglas Adams': 1, 'You are young, my son, and, as the years go by, time will change and even reverse many of your present opinions. Refrain therefore awhile from setting yourself up as a judge of the highest matters. -Plato': 1, 'Indeed, man wishes to be happy even when he so lives as to make happiness impossible. -Saint Augustine': 1, 'Politics has got so expensive that it takes lots of money to even get beat with. -Will Rogers': 1, 'Nothing separates the generations more than music. By the time a child is eight or nine, he has developed a passion for his own music that is even stronger than his passions for procrastination and weird clothes. -Bill Cosby': 1, 'The greatest lesson in life is to know that even fools are right sometimes. -Winston Churchill': 1, 'Love anything and your heart will be wrung and possibly broken. If you want to make sure of keeping it intact you must give it to no one, not even an animal. Wrap it carefully round with hobbies and little luxuries; avoid all entanglements. Lock it up safe in the casket or coffin of your selfishness. But in that casket, safe, dark, motionless, airless, it will change. It will not be broken; it will become unbreakable, impenetrable, irredeemable. To love is to be vulnerable. -C.S. Lewis': 1, 'If a man is called to be a streetsweeper, he should sweep streets even as Michelangelo painted, or Beethoven composed music, or Shakespeare wrote poetry. He should sweep streets so well that all the host of heaven and earth will pause to say, here lived a great streetsweeper who did his job well. -Martin Luther King Jr.': 1, 'When I took office, only high energy physicists had ever heard of what is called the Worldwide Web....now even my cat has its own page. -Bill Clinton': 1, "If a woman has to choose between catching a fly ball and saving an infant's life, she will choose to save the infant's life without even considering if there are men on base. -Dave Barry": 1, 'He that would make his own liberty secure, must guard even his enemy from opposition; for if he violates this duty he establishes a precedent that will reach himself. -Thomas Paine': 1, "I'm never going to be famous. My name will never be writ large on the roster of Those Who Do Things. I don't do any thing. Not one single thing. I used to bite my nails, but I don't even do that any more. -Dorothy Parker": 1, 'The best and most beautiful things in the world cannot be seen or even touched. They must be felt with the heart. -Helen Keller': 1, 'It is said that gifts persuade even the gods. -Euripides': 1, 'It is the madness of folly, to expect mercy from those who have refused to do justice; and even mercy, where conquest is the object, is only a trick of war; the cunning of the fox is as murderous as the violence of the wolf. -Thomas Paine': 1, 'Even peace may be purchased at too high a price. -Benjamin Franklin': 1, "Christmas is a time when you get homesick, even when you're home. -Carol Nelson": 1, 'The greatness of our country has been based on our thinking that everyone has a right even to be wrong. -Ronald Reagan': 1, 'Even if there is only one possible unified theory, it is just a set of rules and equations. What is it that breathes fire into the equations and makes a universe for them to describe? -Stephen Hawking': 1, 'There is no strength in unbelief. Even the unbelief of what is false is no source of might. It is the truth shining from behind that gives the strength to disbelieve. -George MacDonald': 1, 'To you taxpayers out there, let me say this: Make sure you file your tax return on time! And remember that, even though income taxes can be a \x93pain in the neck,\x94 the folks at the IRS are regular people just like you, except that they can destroy your life. -Dave Barry': 1, 'If you will not fight for the right when you can easily win without bloodshed; if you will not fight when your victory will be sure and not too costly; you may come to the moment when you will have to fight with all the odds against you and only a small chance of survival. There may even be a worse case: you may have to fight when there is no hope of victory, because it is better to perish than to live as slaves. -Winston Churchill': 1, 'Question with boldness even the existence of a God; because, if there be one, he must more approve of the homage of reason, than that of blind-folded fear. -Thomas Jefferson': 1} 
established {'Feminism was established to allow unattractive women easier access to the mainstream. -Rush Limbaugh': 1, 'Freedom is the right to question and change the established way of doing things. It is the continuous revolution of the marketplace. It is the understanding that allows us to recognize shortcomings and seek solutions. -Ronald Reagan': 1} 
errors {'Errors of haste are seldom committed singly. The first time a man always does too much. And precisely on that account he commits a second error, and then he does too little. -Friedrich Nietzsche': 1} 
hide {'Just as your hand, held before the eye, can hide the tallest mountain, so this small earthly life keeps us from seeing the vast radiance that fills the core of the universe. -Nachman of Bratslav': 1} 
christ {'Alexander, Caesar, Charlemagne, and myself founded empires; but what foundation did we rest the creations of our genius? Upon force. Jesus Christ founded an empire upon love; and at this hour millions of men would die for Him. -Napoleon Bonaparte': 1, 'Words which do not give the light of Christ increase the darkness. -Mother Teresa': 1, 'Christ died for men precisely because men are not worth dying for; to make them worth it. -C.S. Lewis': 1, 'I like your Christ, I do not like your Christians. Your Christians are so unlike your Christ. -Mahatma Gandhi': 2} 
liberates {'Reason is experimental intelligence, conceived after the pattern of science, and used in the creation of social arts; it has something to do. It liberates man from the bondage of the past, due to ignorance and accident hardened into custom. It projects a better future and assists man in its realization. -John Dewey': 1} 
deliberate {'Take time to deliberate, but when the time for action has arrived, stop thinking and go in. -Napoleon Bonaparte': 1} 
solemn {'The United States stands at the pinnacle of world power. This is a solemn moment for the American democracy. For with primacy in power is joined an awe-inspiring accountability for the future. -Winston Churchill': 1} 
decisions {'It is always thus, impelled by a state of mind which is destined not to last, that we make our irrevocable decisions. -Marcel Proust': 1} 
miriam m. wynn {"If you're afraid to ask the question, it's probably because you already know the answer. -Miriam M. Wynn": 1} 
stars {'Returning violence for violence multiplies violence, adding deeper darkness to a night already devoid of stars. -Martin Luther King Jr.': 1} 
revolves {'To assert that the earth revolves around the sun is as erroneous as to claim that Jesus was not born of a virgin. -Cardinal Bellarmine': 1} 
revolver {"I think a good gift for the president would be a chocolate revolver. And since he's so busy, you'd probably have to run up to him and hand it to him. -Jack Handey": 1} 
liberty {'The eyes of the world are upon you. The hopes and prayers of liberty-loving people everywhere march with you. -Dwight Eisenhower': 1, 'He that would make his own liberty secure, must guard even his enemy from opposition; for if he violates this duty he establishes a precedent that will reach himself. -Thomas Paine': 1, 'There can be no liberty unless there is economic liberty. -Margaret Thatcher': 2, 'They that can give up essential liberty to obtain a little temporary safety deserve neither liberty nor safety. -Benjamin Franklin': 2, 'Liberty exists in proportion to wholesome restraint. -Daniel Webster': 1, 'He therefore is the truest friend to the liberty of this country who tries most to promote its virtue, and who, so far as his power and influence extend, will not suffer a man to be chosen into any office of power and trust who is not a wise and virtuous man. -Samuel Adams': 1, 'A few hours of mountain climbing turn a villain and a saint into two rather equal creature. Exhaustion is the shortest way to equality and fraternity, and liberty is added eventually by sleep. -Friedrich Nietzsche': 1, 'Guard with jealous attention the public liberty. Suspect everyone who approaches that jewel. -Patrick Henry': 1} 
reasoning {'No passion so effectually robs the mind of all its powers of acting and reasoning as fear. -Edmund Burke': 1} 
lights {"When you stop giving and offering something to the rest of the world, it's time to turn out the lights. -George Burns": 1} 
decry {'Nothing so dates a man as to decry the younger generation. -Adlai Stevenson': 1} 
irrevocable {'It is always thus, impelled by a state of mind which is destined not to last, that we make our irrevocable decisions. -Marcel Proust': 1} 
above {'The mind of the thoroughly well-informed man is a dreadful thing. It is like a bric-\xe0-brac shop, all monsters and dust, with everything priced above its proper value. -Oscar Wilde': 1, 'A people that values its privileges above its principles soon loses both. -Dwight Eisenhower': 1} 
conduct {"'Tis the business of little minds to shrink, but he whose heart is firm, and whose conscience approves his conduct, will pursue his principles unto death. -Thomas Paine": 1, 'As Mankind becomes more liberal, they will be more apt to allow that all those who conduct themselves as worthy members of the community are equally entitled to the protections of civil government. I hope ever to see America among the foremost nations of justice and liberality. -George Washington': 1} 
new {'When an American says that he loves his country, he means not only that he loves the New England hills, the prairies glistening in the sun, the wide and rising plains, the great mountains, and the sea. He means that he loves an inner air, an inner light in which freedom lives and in which a man can draw the breath of self-respect. -Adlai Stevenson': 1, 'We need not just a new generation of leadership but a new gender of leadership. -Bill Clinton': 2, "A University of Chicago professor said the greatest day in the world was when a water puppy crawled out on land and decided to stay. The water puppy, he said, went on to become a man. If he proves that, I am willing to give up Christmas, Thanksgiving, and New Year's Day, and to celebrate Water Puppy Day. -William Jennings Bryan": 1, "The most exciting phrase to hear in science, the one that heralds new discoveries, is not 'Eureka!' (I found it!) but 'That's funny...' -Isaac Asimov": 1, 'You are never too old to set another goal or to dream a new dream. -C.S. Lewis': 1, 'An optimist is a person who starts a new diet on Thanksgiving Day. -Irv Kupcinet': 1, 'It must be remembered that there is nothing more difficult to plan, more doubtful of success nor more dangerous to manage than the creation of a new system. For the initiator has the enmity of all who profit by the preservation of the old institution and merely lukewarm defenders in those who would gain by the new one. -Nicolo Machiavelli': 2, "You can't teach an old dogma new tricks. -Dorothy Parker": 1, 'Anyone who has never made a mistake has never tried anything new. -Albert Einstein': 1, 'Let the word go forth from this time and place, to friend and foe alike, that the torch has been passed to a new generation of Americans. -John F. Kennedy': 1, 'A mind that is stretched by a new experience can never go back to its old dimensions. -Oliver Wendell Holmes': 1, 'Man [has] always assumed that he was more intelligent than dolphins because he had achieved so much-the wheel, New York, wars and so on-while all the dolphins had ever done was muck about in the water having a good time. But conversely, the dolphins had always believed that they were far more intelligent than man-for precisely the same reason. -Douglas Adams': 1, "I'd rather hear an old truth than a new lie. -Chris Bowyer": 1, 'I feel impelled to speak today in a language that in a sense is new-one which I, who have spent so much of my life in the military profession, would have preferred never to use. That new language is the language of atomic warfare. -Dwight Eisenhower': 2, "Middle age is when you've met so many people that every new person you meet reminds you of someone else. -Ogden Nash": 1, 'From the prodigious hilltops of New Hampshire, let freedom ring. From the mighty mountains of New York, let freedom ring. From the heightening Alleghenies of Pennsylvania, let freedom ring. But not only that: Let freedom ring from every hill and molehill of Mississippi. -Martin Luther King Jr.': 2, 'New knowledge is the most valuable commodity on earth. The more truth we have to work with, the richer we become. -Kurt Vonnegut': 1} 
increasing {'Thus the metric system did not really catch on in the States, unless you count the increasing popularity of the nine-millimeter bullet. -Dave Barry': 1} 
ever {'When the human race has once acquired a supersitition nothing short of death is ever likely to remove it. -Mark Twain': 1, 'As Mankind becomes more liberal, they will be more apt to allow that all those who conduct themselves as worthy members of the community are equally entitled to the protections of civil government. I hope ever to see America among the foremost nations of justice and liberality. -George Washington': 1, 'There is a theory which states that if ever anyone discovers exactly what the Universe is for and why it is here, it will instantly disappear and be replaced by something even more bizarre and inexplicable. There is another theory which states that this has already happened. -Douglas Adams': 1, "Dying is the most embarrassing thing that can ever happen to you, because someone's got to take care of all your details. -Andy Warhol": 1, 'No easy problem ever comes to the President of the United States. If they are easy to solve, somebody else has solved them. -John F. Kennedy': 1, 'When I took office, only high energy physicists had ever heard of what is called the Worldwide Web....now even my cat has its own page. -Bill Clinton': 1, 'Through pride we are ever deceiving ourselves. But deep down below the surface of the average conscience a still, small voice says to us, something is out of tune. -Carl Jung': 1, 'Beauty is ever to the lonely mind a shadow fleeting; she is never plain. She is a visitor who leaves behind the gift of grief, the souvenir of pain. -Christopher Morley': 1, "Don't join the book burners. Do not think you are going to conceal thoughts by concealing evidence that they ever existed. -Dwight Eisenhower": 1, "Don't ever take a fence down until you know why it was put up. -Robert Frost": 1, 'Man [has] always assumed that he was more intelligent than dolphins because he had achieved so much-the wheel, New York, wars and so on-while all the dolphins had ever done was muck about in the water having a good time. But conversely, the dolphins had always believed that they were far more intelligent than man-for precisely the same reason. -Douglas Adams': 1, "Ever notice that 'what the hell' is always the right decision? -Marilyn Monroe": 1, 'No man but a blockhead ever wrote, except for money. -Samuel Johnson': 1, "You cannot go on 'explaining away' for ever: you will find that you have explained explanation itself away. You cannot go on 'seeing through' things for ever. The whole point of seeing through something is to see something through it. -C.S. Lewis": 2, "All I want out of life, is that when I walk down the street folks will say, 'There goes the greatest hitter that ever lived.' -Ted Williams": 1, 'Nothing that you have not given away will ever be really yours. -C.S. Lewis': 1, 'Nothing before had ever made me thoroughly realise, though I had read various scientific books, that science consists in grouping facts so that general laws or conclusions may be drawn from them. -Charles Darwin': 1, 'America is the only country ever founded on a creed. -GK Chesterton': 1, 'That is the true season of love, when we believe that we alone can love, that no one could ever have loved so before us, and that no one will love in the same way after us. -Johann Wolfgang von Goethe': 1} 
homer simpson {"What is a wedding? Webster's dictionary defines a wedding as 'the process of removing weeds from one's garden.' -Homer Simpson": 1, "I'm not normally a religious man, but if you're up there, save me, Superman! -Homer Simpson": 1, "I've got more trophies than Wayne Gretzky & The Pope combined! -Homer Simpson": 1} 
seeks {'Religion operates not only on the vertical plane but also on the horizontal. It seeks not only to integrate men with God but to integrate men with men and each man with himself. -Martin Luther King Jr.': 1} 
told {'I was angry with my friend I told my wrath, my wrath did end. I was angry with my foe: I told it not, my wrath did grow. -William Blake': 2, "I told my psychiatrist that everyone hates me. He said I was being ridiculous - everyone hasn't met me yet. -Rodney Dangerfield": 1, "I had a dream the other night. I dreamed that Jimmy Carter came to me and asked why I wanted his job. I told him I didn't want his job. I want to be President. -Ronald Reagan": 1} 
hero {'A good novel tells us the truth about its hero; but a bad novel tells us the truth about its author. -GK Chesterton': 1} 
never {'I have never been hurt by what I have not said. -Calvin Coolidge': 1, 'Success does not consist in never making mistakes but in never making the same one a second time. -George Bernard Shaw': 2, 'Imagination will often carry us to worlds that never were. But without it, we go nowhere. -Carl Sagan': 1, 'Philosophy is questions that may never be answered. Religion is answers that may never be questioned. -Author Unknown': 2, 'Never confuse the size of your paycheck with the size of your talent. -Marlon Brando': 1, "Don't take life too seriously; you'll never get out of it alive. -Elbert Hubbard": 1, "What is it that makes a complete stranger dive into an icy river to save a solid-gold baby? Maybe we'll never know. -Jack Handey": 1, 'Cowards die many times before their deaths. The valiant never taste of death but once. -William Shakespeare': 1, 'The intellect is not a serious thing, and never has been. It is an instrument on which one plays, that is all. -Oscar Wilde': 1, "A 'geek' by definition is someone who eats live animals....I've never eaten live animals. -Crispin Glover": 1, 'Marriage is the alliance of two people, one of whom never remembers birthdays and the other who never forgets. -Ogden Nash': 2, "One thing they never tell you about child raising is that for the rest of your life, at the drop of a hat, you are expected to know your child's name and how old he or she is. -Erna Bombeck": 1, 'The Bible is not my book, and Christianity is not my religion. I could never give assent to the long, complicated statements of Christian dogma. -Abraham Lincoln': 1, 'You are never too old to set another goal or to dream a new dream. -C.S. Lewis': 1, "Never continue in a job you don't enjoy. If you're happy in what you're doing, you'll like yourself, you'll have inner peace. And if you have that, along with physical health, you will have had more success than you could possibly have imagined. -Johnny Carson": 1, 'In the long run, we shape our lives and we shape ourselves. The process never ends until we die, and the choices that we make are ultimately our responsibility. -Eleanor Roosevelt': 1, 'Beauty is ever to the lonely mind a shadow fleeting; she is never plain. She is a visitor who leaves behind the gift of grief, the souvenir of pain. -Christopher Morley': 1, 'I have never let my schooling interfere with my education. -Mark Twain': 1, 'The cost of freedom is always high, but Americans have always paid it. And one path we shall never choose, and that is the path of surrender, or submission. -John F. Kennedy': 1, "Money never made a man happy yet, nor will it. There is nothing in its nature to produce happiness. The more a man has, the more he wants. Instead of its filling a vacuum, it makes one. If it satisfies one want, it doubles and trebles that want another way. That was a true proverb of the wise man, rely upon it; ''Better is little with the fear of the Lord, than great treasure, and trouble therewith. -Benjamin Franklin": 1, 'I have never started a poem yet whose end I knew. Writing a poem is discovering. -Robert Frost': 1, 'I feel impelled to speak today in a language that in a sense is new-one which I, who have spent so much of my life in the military profession, would have preferred never to use. That new language is the language of atomic warfare. -Dwight Eisenhower': 1, 'This will never be a civilized country until we expend more money for books than we do for chewing gum. -Elbert Hubbard': 1, 'I never knew what real happiness was until I got married, and by then it was too late. -Max Kaufman': 1, 'Anger is never without an argument, but seldom with a good one. -George Savile': 1, 'Whatever affects one directly, affects all indirectly. I can never be what I ought to be until you are what you ought to be. This is the interrelated structure of reality. -Martin Luther King Jr.': 1, 'If God had wanted us to spend our time fretting about the problems of home ownership, He would never have invented beer. -Dave Barry': 1, 'Never discourage anyone who continually makes progress, no matter how slow. -Plato': 1, "A diplomat is a man who always remembers a woman's birthday but never remembers her age. -Robert Frost": 1, "I don't work according to nature, but infront and together with it. An artist must observe the nature, but never confuse it with the art. -Pablo Picasso": 1, 'And what\x92s romance? Usually, a nice little tale where you have everything As You Like It, where rain never wets your jacket and gnats never bite your nose and it\x92s always daisy-time. -D.H. Lawrence': 2, 'I have never taken any exercise except sleeping and resting. -Mark Twain': 1, 'I never see what has been done; I only see what remains to be done. -Siddhartha Buddha': 1, "I'm never going to be famous. My name will never be writ large on the roster of Those Who Do Things. I don't do any thing. Not one single thing. I used to bite my nails, but I don't even do that any more. -Dorothy Parker": 2, 'It is a grand mistake to think of being great without goodness and I pronounce it as certain that there was never a truly great man that was not at the same time truly virtuous. -Benjamin Franklin': 1, 'We are never deceived; we deceive ourselves. -Johann Wolfgang von Goethe': 1, 'It is hard to fail, but it is worse never to have tried to succeed. -Theodore Roosevelt': 1, 'Never give in--never, never, never, never, in nothing great or small, large or petty, never give in except to convictions of honour and good sense. Never yield to force; never yield to the apparently overwhelming might of the enemy. -Winston Churchill': 8, 'A man is never more truthful than when he acknowledges himself a liar. -Mark Twain': 1, 'An unjust punishment is never forgotten. -Penelope Fitzgerald': 1, 'It is by the goodness of God that, in this country, we have three benefits: freedom of speech, freedom of thought, and the wisdom never to use either. -Mark Twain': 1, 'Freedom is never voluntarily given by the oppressor; it must be demanded by the oppressed. -Martin Luther King Jr.': 1, 'The aging process has you firmly in its grasp if you never get the urge to throw a snowball. -Doug Larson': 1, 'The magic of first love is our ignorance that it can never end. -Benjamin Disraeli': 1, 'He that fights and runs away, may turn and fight another day; but he that is in battle slain, will never rise to fight again. -Tacitus': 1, 'A mind that is stretched by a new experience can never go back to its old dimensions. -Oliver Wendell Holmes': 1, 'Anyone who has never made a mistake has never tried anything new. -Albert Einstein': 2, 'Never judge a philosophy by its abuse. -Saint Augustine': 1, 'To me there has never been a higher source of earthly honor or distinction than that connected with advances in science. -Isaac Newton': 1} 
ted williams {"All I want out of life, is that when I walk down the street folks will say, 'There goes the greatest hitter that ever lived.' -Ted Williams": 1} 
stared {"When this girl at the museum asked me who I liked better, Monet or Manet, I said, 'I like mayonnaise.' She just stared at me, so I said it again, louder. Then she left. I guess she went to try to find some mayonnaise for me. -Jack Handey": 1} 
here {"How did it get so late so soon? It's night before it's afternoon. December is here before it's June. My goodness how the time has flewn. How did it get so late so soon? -Theodor Seuss Geisel": 1, "Don't go around saying the world owes you a living. The world owes you nothing. It was here first. -Mark Twain": 1, 'There is a theory which states that if ever anyone discovers exactly what the Universe is for and why it is here, it will instantly disappear and be replaced by something even more bizarre and inexplicable. There is another theory which states that this has already happened. -Douglas Adams': 1, 'If a man is called to be a streetsweeper, he should sweep streets even as Michelangelo painted, or Beethoven composed music, or Shakespeare wrote poetry. He should sweep streets so well that all the host of heaven and earth will pause to say, here lived a great streetsweeper who did his job well. -Martin Luther King Jr.': 1, "I realise that I'm making gender-based generalizations here, but my feeling is that if God did not want us to make gender-based generalizations, She would not have given us genders. -Dave Barry": 1, "Without computers, the government would be unable to function at the level of effectiveness and efficiency that we have come to expect.  This is because the primary function of the government is -- and here I am quoting directly from the U.S. Constitution -- 'to spew out paper.' -Dave Barry": 1} 
met {'I almost had a pyschic girlfriend, but she left me before we met. -Steven Wright': 1, "I told my psychiatrist that everyone hates me. He said I was being ridiculous - everyone hasn't met me yet. -Rodney Dangerfield": 1, "Middle age is when you've met so many people that every new person you meet reminds you of someone else. -Ogden Nash": 1, "Many a man's reputation would not know his character if they met on the street. -Elbert Hubbard": 1, "I cried because I had no shoes, 'till I met a man who had no feet. So I said, 'You got any shoes you're not using'? -Steven Wright": 1} 
humility {'Humility is no substitute for a good personality. -Fran Lebowitz': 1, 'Humility must always be the portion of any man who receives acclaim earned in blood of his followers and sacrifices of his friends. -Dwight Eisenhower': 1, 'Humility is the foundation of all the other virtues hence, in the soul in which this virtue does not exist there cannot be any other virtue except in mere appearance. -Saint Augustine': 1, 'Perfect humility dispenses with modesty. -C.S. Lewis': 1} 
path {'The cost of freedom is always high, but Americans have always paid it. And one path we shall never choose, and that is the path of surrender, or submission. -John F. Kennedy': 2} 
aren't {"Being a leader is like being a lady, if you have to go around telling people you are one, you aren't. -Margaret Thatcher": 1, "To me, clowns aren't funny. In fact, they're kinda scary. I've wondered where this started, and I think it goes back to the time I went to the circus and a clown killed my dad. -Jack Handey": 1} 
growing {'What is happiness? The feeling that power is growing, that resistance is overcome. -Friedrich Nietzsche': 1} 
effectually {'No passion so effectually robs the mind of all its powers of acting and reasoning as fear. -Edmund Burke': 1} 
property {'Rhis is to be asserted in general of men: that they are ungrateful, fickle, false, cowardly, covetous, and as long as you succeed, are yours entirely; they will offer you their blood, property, life, and children...when the need is far distant; but when it approaches, they will turn against you. -Nicolo Machiavelli': 1} 
rests {'Knowledge rests not upon truth alone, but upon error also. -Carl Jung': 1} 
items {'If eighty percent of your sales come from twenty percent of all of your items, just carry those twenty percent. -Henry Kissinger': 1} 
leaves {'The customs and fashions of men change like leaves on the bough, some of which go and others come. -Dante Alighieri': 1, 'Beauty is ever to the lonely mind a shadow fleeting; she is never plain. She is a visitor who leaves behind the gift of grief, the souvenir of pain. -Christopher Morley': 1} 
completely {'I thought it completely absurd to mention my name in the same breath as the Presidency. -Dwight Eisenhower': 1} 
johann wolfgang von goethe {'Everything is simpler than you think and at the same time more complex than you imagine. -Johann Wolfgang von Goethe': 1, 'Against criticism a man can neither protest nor defend himself; he must act in spite of it, and then it will gradually yield to him. -Johann Wolfgang von Goethe': 1, "To be pleased with one's limits is a wretched state. -Johann Wolfgang von Goethe": 1, 'Men show their characters in nothing more clearly than in what they think laughable. -Johann Wolfgang von Goethe': 1, 'We are never deceived; we deceive ourselves. -Johann Wolfgang von Goethe': 1, 'If you start to think about your physical or moral condition, you usually find that you are sick. -Johann Wolfgang von Goethe': 1, 'That is the true season of love, when we believe that we alone can love, that no one could ever have loved so before us, and that no one will love in the same way after us. -Johann Wolfgang von Goethe': 1} 
credit {'No man will make a great leader who wants to do it all himself or get all the credit for doing it. -Andrew Carnegie': 1, "You give me a credit to which I have no claim in calling me 'the writer of the Constitution of the United States.' This was not, like the fabled Goddess of Wisdom, the offspring of a single brain. It ought to be regarded as the work of many heads and many hands. -James Madison": 1} 
i'd {"I'd rather hear an old truth than a new lie. -Chris Bowyer": 1} 
josh billings {'As scarce as truth is, the supply has always been in excess of the demand. -Josh Billings': 1} 
smoke {"Remember, if you smoke after sex you're doing it too fast. -Woody Allen": 1} 
lonesome {'Television is a medium of entertainment which permits millions of people to listen to the same joke at the same time, and yet remain lonesome. -T.S. Eliot': 1} 
military {'I feel impelled to speak today in a language that in a sense is new-one which I, who have spent so much of my life in the military profession, would have preferred never to use. That new language is the language of atomic warfare. -Dwight Eisenhower': 1, "There are some who've forgotten why we have a military. It's not to promote war; it's to be prepared for peace. -Ronald Reagan": 1, 'In the councils of government, we must guard against the acquisition of unwarranted influence, whether sought or unsought, by the military-industrial complex. -Dwight Eisenhower': 1} 
i'm {"I realise that I'm making gender-based generalizations here, but my feeling is that if God did not want us to make gender-based generalizations, She would not have given us genders. -Dave Barry": 1, "I'm not normally a religious man, but if you're up there, save me, Superman! -Homer Simpson": 1, "I'm a middle age white guy, which means I'm constantly reminded that my particular group is responsible for the oppression of every known minority PLUS most wars PLUS government corruption PLUS pollution of the environment, not to mention that it was middle-age white guys who killed Bambi's mom. -Dave Barry": 2, "I'm never going to be famous. My name will never be writ large on the roster of Those Who Do Things. I don't do any thing. Not one single thing. I used to bite my nails, but I don't even do that any more. -Dorothy Parker": 1, "Just because I look sexy on the cover of Rolling Stone doesn't mean I'm naughty. -Britney Spears": 1, "As a woman, I find it very embarrassing to be in a meeting and realize I'm the only one in the room with balls. -Rita Mae Brown": 1, "I like to say that I'm bisexual...when I want sex, I buy it. -Boy George": 1, "My life has no purpose, no direction, no aim, no meaning, and yet I'm happy. I can't figure it out. What am I doing right? -Charles Schulz": 1, ".I had to face the horrible truth: The antitobacco people are lying. Smoking really is cool. And I'm less cool for not doing it. -Tucker Carlson": 1, "I'm the type who'd be happy not going anywhere as long as I was sure I knew exactly what was happening at the places I wasn't going to. I'm the type who'd like to sit home and watch every party that I'm invited to on a monitor in my bedroom. -Andy Warhol": 3, "I don't always know what I'm talking about but I know I'm right. -Muhammad Ali": 2, "Speeches are for the younger men who are going places. And I'm not going anyplace except six feet under the floor of that little chapel adjoining the museum and library at Abilene. -Dwight Eisenhower": 1} 
mistake {'Without music, life would be a mistake. -Friedrich Nietzsche': 1, 'Anyone who has never made a mistake has never tried anything new. -Albert Einstein': 1, 'It is a grand mistake to think of being great without goodness and I pronounce it as certain that there was never a truly great man that was not at the same time truly virtuous. -Benjamin Franklin': 1, 'Experience is that marvelous thing that enables you to recognize a mistake when you make it again. -Franklin Jones': 1} 
settled {'If the United Nations once admits that international disputes can be settled by using force, then we will have destroyed the foundation of the organization and our best hope of establishing a world order. -Dwight Eisenhower': 1} 
punishment {'An unjust punishment is never forgotten. -Penelope Fitzgerald': 1} 
criticism {'Against criticism a man can neither protest nor defend himself; he must act in spite of it, and then it will gradually yield to him. -Johann Wolfgang von Goethe': 1} 
george savile {'Anger is never without an argument, but seldom with a good one. -George Savile': 1} 
secure {'He that would make his own liberty secure, must guard even his enemy from opposition; for if he violates this duty he establishes a precedent that will reach himself. -Thomas Paine': 1} 
godmother {"I think, at a child's birth, if a mother could ask a fairy godmother to endow it with the most useful gift, that gift should be curiosity. -Eleanor Roosevelt": 1} 
explained {"You cannot go on 'explaining away' for ever: you will find that you have explained explanation itself away. You cannot go on 'seeing through' things for ever. The whole point of seeing through something is to see something through it. -C.S. Lewis": 1} 
schooling {'I have never let my schooling interfere with my education. -Mark Twain': 1} 
excuse {"The days of looking the other way while despotic regimes trample human rights, rob their nations' wealth, and then excuse their failings by feeding their people a steady diet of anti-Western hatred are over. -Dick Cheney": 1} 
objectively {"It is impossible to experience one's death objectively and still carry a tune. -Woody Allen": 1} 
brought {'Of course the people dont want war...that is understood. But voice or no voice, the people can always be brought to the bidding of the leaders. That is easy. All you have to do is tell them they are being attacked, and denounce the pacifists for lack of patriotism and exposing the country to danger. It works the same in any country. -Hermann Goering': 1} 
patience {'Patience is the companion of wisdom. -Saint Augustine': 1, 'Nature thrives on patience; man on impatience. -Paul Boese': 1} 
woody allen {"It is impossible to experience one's death objectively and still carry a tune. -Woody Allen": 1, 'On the plus side, death is one of the few things that can be done just as easily lying down. -Woody Allen': 1, "Remember, if you smoke after sex you're doing it too fast. -Woody Allen": 1, 'The difference between sex and death is that with death you can do it alone and no one is going to make fun of you. -Woody Allen': 1, 'There is no question that there is an unseen world. The problem is, how far is it from midtown and how late is it open? -Woody Allen': 1, 'Not only is there no God, but try finding a plumber on Sunday. -Woody Allen': 1, "Sex without love is a meaningless experience, but as far as meaningless experiences go, it's pretty damn good. -Woody Allen": 1, 'The good thing about being bisexual is that it doubles your chance of a date on a Saturday night. -Woody Allen': 1} 
moral {'You find out more about God from the Moral Law than from the univerise in general just as you find out more about a man by listening to his conversation than by looking at a house he has built. -C.S. Lewis': 1, 'As soon as one is unhappy one becomes moral. -Marcel Proust': 1, 'Moral indignation is jealousy with a halo. -H.G. Wells': 1, 'In the Orthodox spiritual tradition, the ultimate moral question we ask is the following: Is what we are doing, is what I am doing, beautiful or not? -Carolyn Gifford': 1, 'If you start to think about your physical or moral condition, you usually find that you are sick. -Johann Wolfgang von Goethe': 1, "Of all tyrannies, a tyranny exercised for the good of its victims may be the most oppressive. It may be better to live under robber barons than under omnipotent moral busybodies. The robber baron's cruelty may sometimes sleep, his cupidity may at some point be satiated; but those who torment us for our own good will torment us without end, for they do so with the approval of their own conscience. -C.S. Lewis": 1} 
lady mary wortley montagu {'The fruit that can fall without shaking, indeed is too mellow for me. -Lady Mary Wortley Montagu': 1} 
actions {'All human actions have one or more of these seven causes: chance, nature, compulsions, habit, reason, passion, desire. -Aristotle': 1} 
cocaine {"Cocaine is God's way of telling someone that they're too rich. -Robin Williams": 1} 
opponents {"Thus far, the reputed idiot Bush has graduated from Yale and Harvard, made a stack of cash in the oil industry, become the first consecutive-term governor of Texas, defeated a dual-term VP for the presidency, and led his party to [November 5th's] extraordinary triumphs. Let his opponents keep calling him stupid; if they do, within five years Bush will be King of England, the Pope, and world Formula One motor racing champion. -Tim Blair": 1} 
presents {'Your children need your presence more than your presents. -Jesse Jackson': 1} 
criminals {"We all wish to be judged by our peers, by the men 'after our own heart.' Only they really know our mind and only they judge it by standards we fully acknowledge. Theirs is the praise we really covet and the blame we really dread. The little pockets of early Chrstians survived because they cared exclusively for the love of 'the bretheren' and stopped their ears to the opinion of the Pagan society around them. But a circle of criminals, cranks, or perverts survives in just the same way; by becoming deaf to the opinion of the outer world, by discounting it as the chatter of outsiders who 'don't understand,' of the 'conventional,' the 'bourgeois,' the 'Establishment,' of prigs, prudes, and humbugs. -C.S. Lewis": 1} 
euripides {'There is one thing alone that stands the brunt of life throughout its course: a quiet conscience. -Euripides': 1, "This is slavery, not to speak one's thought. -Euripides": 1, 'It is said that gifts persuade even the gods. -Euripides': 1, "Man's best possession is a sympathetic wife. -Euripides": 1} 
would {'Were it possible for us to wait for ourselves to come into the room, not many of us would find our hearts breaking into flower as we heard the door handle turn. -Rebecca West': 1, 'If the primary aim of a captain were to preserve his ship, he would keep it in port forever. -Thomas Aquinas': 1, 'It must be remembered that there is nothing more difficult to plan, more doubtful of success nor more dangerous to manage than the creation of a new system. For the initiator has the enmity of all who profit by the preservation of the old institution and merely lukewarm defenders in those who would gain by the new one. -Nicolo Machiavelli': 1, 'He wrapped himself in quotations--as a beggar would enfold himself in the purple of Emperors. -Rudyard Kipling': 1, "The puritanism of Christianity has played havoc with the moderation that an enlightened and tolerant critical spirit would have produced. I've noticed that in whatever country, county, town, or other region there is a regulation enjoining temperance, the population seems to be entirely composed of teetotallers and drunkards. There's a Bible on that shelf there. But I keep it next to Voltaire - poison and antidote. -Bertrand Russell": 1, 'As I would not be a slave, so I would not be a master. This expresses my idea of democracy. Whatever differs from this, to the extent of the difference, is no democracy. -Abraham Lincoln': 2, "Duties are not performed for duty's sake, but because their neglect would make the man uncomfortable. A man performs but one duty - the duty of contenting his spirit, the duty of making himself agreeable to himself. -Mark Twain": 1, 'I feel impelled to speak today in a language that in a sense is new-one which I, who have spent so much of my life in the military profession, would have preferred never to use. That new language is the language of atomic warfare. -Dwight Eisenhower': 1, 'Four-fifths of all our troubles would disappear, if we would only sit down and keep still. -Calvin Coolidge': 2, 'Would you live with ease? Do what you ought, not what you please. -Benjamin Franklin': 1, 'If God had wanted us to spend our time fretting about the problems of home ownership, He would never have invented beer. -Dave Barry': 1, 'He that would make his own liberty secure, must guard even his enemy from opposition; for if he violates this duty he establishes a precedent that will reach himself. -Thomas Paine': 1, "We seem to be going through a period of nostalgia, and everyone seems to think yesterday was better than today. I don't think it was, and I would advise you not to wait ten years before admitting today was great. If you're hung up on nostalgia, pretend today is yesterday and just go out and have one hell of a time. -Art Buchwald": 1, 'Alexander, Caesar, Charlemagne, and myself founded empires; but what foundation did we rest the creations of our genius? Upon force. Jesus Christ founded an empire upon love; and at this hour millions of men would die for Him. -Napoleon Bonaparte': 1, "Without computers, the government would be unable to function at the level of effectiveness and efficiency that we have come to expect.  This is because the primary function of the government is -- and here I am quoting directly from the U.S. Constitution -- 'to spew out paper.' -Dave Barry": 1, 'Christmas can be celebrated in the school room with pine trees, tinsel and reindeers, but there must be no mention of the man whose birthday is being celebrated. One wonders how a teacher would answer if a student asked why it was called Christmas. -Ronald Reagan': 1, 'The worst thing that could happen to anybody, would be to not be used for anything by anybody. -Kurt Vonnegut': 1, 'I would not join any club that would have someone like me for a member. -Groucho Marx': 2, "I think a good gift for the president would be a chocolate revolver. And since he's so busy, you'd probably have to run up to him and hand it to him. -Jack Handey": 1, "I realise that I'm making gender-based generalizations here, but my feeling is that if God did not want us to make gender-based generalizations, She would not have given us genders. -Dave Barry": 1, 'I arrive at the end of this review having done my duty as a critic. I have described the movie accurately and you have a good idea what you are in for if you go to see it. Most of you will not. I cannot argue with you. Some of you will--the brave and the curious. You embody the spirit of the man who first wondered what it would taste like to eat an oyster. -Roger Ebert': 1, 'Without music, life would be a mistake. -Friedrich Nietzsche': 1, 'I could not handle being a woman, I would stay home all day and play with my breasts. -Steve Martin': 1, 'It is hard to believe that a man is telling the truth when you know that you would lie if you were in his place. -Henry Mencken': 1, "Many a man's reputation would not know his character if they met on the street. -Elbert Hubbard": 1, 'If all our misfortunes were laid in one common heap, whence everyone must take an equal portion, most people would be content to take their own and depart. -Socrates': 1, 'Americans are so enamored of equality, they would rather be equal in slavery than unequal in freedom. -Alexis de Tocqueville': 1, 'He that would live in peace and at ease must not speak all he knows or all he sees. -Benjamin Franklin': 1} 
fingernails {'What the country needs is dirtier fingernails and cleaner minds. -Will Rogers': 1} 
world's {"I have a hobby...I have the world's largest collection of sea shells. I keep it scattered on beaches all over the world. Maybe you've seen some of it... -Steven Wright": 1} 
occupying {'Ocean: A body of water occupying 2/3 of a world made for man...who has no gills. -Ambrose Bierce': 1} 
music {'Music expresses that which cannot be said and on which it is impossible to be silent. -Victor Hugo': 1, 'Without music, life would be a mistake. -Friedrich Nietzsche': 1, 'If a man is called to be a streetsweeper, he should sweep streets even as Michelangelo painted, or Beethoven composed music, or Shakespeare wrote poetry. He should sweep streets so well that all the host of heaven and earth will pause to say, here lived a great streetsweeper who did his job well. -Martin Luther King Jr.': 1, 'If music be the food of love, play on. -William Shakespeare': 1, 'After silence, that which comes nearest to expressing the inexpressible is Music. -Aldous Huxley': 1, 'Nothing separates the generations more than music. By the time a child is eight or nine, he has developed a passion for his own music that is even stronger than his passions for procrastination and weird clothes. -Bill Cosby': 2} 
therefore {'You are young, my son, and, as the years go by, time will change and even reverse many of your present opinions. Refrain therefore awhile from setting yourself up as a judge of the highest matters. -Plato': 1, 'We are what we repeatedly do. Excellence, therefore, is not an act, but a habit. -Aristotle': 1, 'Let us not forget that the cultivation of the earth is the most important labor of man. When tillage begins, other arts will follow. The farmers, therefore, are the founders of civilization. -Daniel Webster': 1, 'I am Envy. I cannot read and therefore wish all books burned. -Christopher Marlowe': 1, 'He therefore is the truest friend to the liberty of this country who tries most to promote its virtue, and who, so far as his power and influence extend, will not suffer a man to be chosen into any office of power and trust who is not a wise and virtuous man. -Samuel Adams': 1} 
strike {'My formula for success is rise early, work late, and strike oil. -Paul Getty': 1} 
survive {'We do survive every moment, after all, except the last one. -John Updike': 1} 
delude {'Too many poets delude themselves by thinking that the mind is dangerous and must be left out. Well, the mind is dangerous and must be left in. -Robert Frost': 1} 
type {"I'm the type who'd be happy not going anywhere as long as I was sure I knew exactly what was happening at the places I wasn't going to. I'm the type who'd like to sit home and watch every party that I'm invited to on a monitor in my bedroom. -Andy Warhol": 2} 
until {"God help the man who won't marry until he finds a perfect woman, and God help him still more if he finds her. -Benjamin Tillet": 1, "Playwriting gets into your blood and you can't stop it. At least, not until the producers or the public tell you to. -T.S. Eliot": 1, 'In the long run, we shape our lives and we shape ourselves. The process never ends until we die, and the choices that we make are ultimately our responsibility. -Eleanor Roosevelt': 1, 'If a man is proud of his wealth, he should not be praised until it is known how he employs it. -Socrates': 1, "Don't ever take a fence down until you know why it was put up. -Robert Frost": 1, 'Back in the old days, most families were close-knit. Grown children and their parents continued to live together, under the same roof, sometimes in the same small, crowded room, year in and year out, until they died, frequently by strangulation. -Dave Barry': 1, 'This will never be a civilized country until we expend more money for books than we do for chewing gum. -Elbert Hubbard': 1, 'I never knew what real happiness was until I got married, and by then it was too late. -Max Kaufman': 1, 'Whatever affects one directly, affects all indirectly. I can never be what I ought to be until you are what you ought to be. This is the interrelated structure of reality. -Martin Luther King Jr.': 1} 
alton brown {'I like television. I still believe that television is the most powerful form of communication on Earth -- I just hate what is being done with it. -Alton Brown': 1} 
william f. buckley {'Idealism is fine, but as it approaches reality, the costs become prohibitive. -William F. Buckley': 1, 'The best defense against usurpatory government is an assertive citizenry. -William F. Buckley': 1} 
rust {'The mintage of wisdom is to know that rest is rust, and that real life is in love, laughter, and work. -Elbert Hubbard': 1} 
advance {'No sooner do we depart from sense and instinct to follow reason but we are insensibly drawn into uncouth paradoxes, difficulties, and inconsistencies, which multiply and grow upon us as we advance in speculation; till at length, having wandered through many intricate mazes, we find ourselves just where we were, or, which is worse, sit down in a forlorn scepticism. -George Berkeley': 1, 'It is only by doing things others have not that one can advance. -George Patton': 1} 
successful {'A successful marriage requires falling in love many times, always with the same person. -Germaine Greer': 1} 
brings {'The older I grow the more I distrust the familiar doctrine that age brings wisdom. -Henry Mencken': 1, "Of course I don't believe in it. But I understand that it brings you luck whether you believe in it or not. -Niels Bohr": 1} 
expose {'There is only one force of history that can break the reign of hatred and resentment, and expose the pretensions of tyrants, and reward the hopes of the decent and tolerant, and that is the force of human freedom. -George W. Bush': 1} 
ascribe {'We ascribe beauty to that which is simple; which has no superfluous parts; which exactly answers its end; which stands related to all things; which is the mean of many extremes. -Ralph Waldo Emerson': 1} 
wars {'Man [has] always assumed that he was more intelligent than dolphins because he had achieved so much-the wheel, New York, wars and so on-while all the dolphins had ever done was muck about in the water having a good time. But conversely, the dolphins had always believed that they were far more intelligent than man-for precisely the same reason. -Douglas Adams': 1, "I'm a middle age white guy, which means I'm constantly reminded that my particular group is responsible for the oppression of every known minority PLUS most wars PLUS government corruption PLUS pollution of the environment, not to mention that it was middle-age white guys who killed Bambi's mom. -Dave Barry": 1} 
depression {"When we're unemployed, we're called lazy; when the whites are unemployed it's called a depression. -Jesse Jackson": 1} 
hurt {'I have never been hurt by what I have not said. -Calvin Coolidge': 1} 
grief {'Grief can take care of itself, but to get the full value of joy you must have somebody to divide it with. -Mark Twain': 1, 'Beauty is ever to the lonely mind a shadow fleeting; she is never plain. She is a visitor who leaves behind the gift of grief, the souvenir of pain. -Christopher Morley': 1} 
dogma {"You can't teach an old dogma new tricks. -Dorothy Parker": 1, 'The Bible is not my book, and Christianity is not my religion. I could never give assent to the long, complicated statements of Christian dogma. -Abraham Lincoln': 1} 
adult {'There is nothing funny about Halloween. This sarcastic festival reflects, rather, an infernal demand for revenge by children on the adult world. -Jean Baudrillard': 1} 
separates {'Nothing separates the generations more than music. By the time a child is eight or nine, he has developed a passion for his own music that is even stronger than his passions for procrastination and weird clothes. -Bill Cosby': 1} 
hold {'Life is no brief candle to me. It is a sort of splendid torch which I have got a hold of for the moment, and I want to make it burn as brightly as possible before handing it onto future generations. -George Bernard Shaw': 1, 'People can misinterpret almost anything so that it coincides with views they already hold. They take from art what they already believe. -Stanley Kubrick': 1, 'Success, the real success, does not depend upon the position you hold but upon how you carry yourself in that position. -Theodore Roosevelt': 1, 'The reason we hold truth in such respect is because we have so little opportunity to get familiar with it. -Mark Twain': 1} 
preserving {'Intoxicated with unbroken success, we have become too self-sufficient to feel the necessity of redeeming and preserving grace, too proud to pray to the God that made us. -Abraham Lincoln': 1, 'To be prepared for war is one of the most effectual means of preserving peace. -George Washington': 1} 
immature {"Immature love says: 'I love you because I need you.' Mature love says: 'I need you because I love you.' -Erich Fromm": 1} 
must {'Humility must always be the portion of any man who receives acclaim earned in blood of his followers and sacrifices of his friends. -Dwight Eisenhower': 1, 'It must be remembered that there is nothing more difficult to plan, more doubtful of success nor more dangerous to manage than the creation of a new system. For the initiator has the enmity of all who profit by the preservation of the old institution and merely lukewarm defenders in those who would gain by the new one. -Nicolo Machiavelli': 1, 'In the councils of government, we must guard against the acquisition of unwarranted influence, whether sought or unsought, by the military-industrial complex. -Dwight Eisenhower': 1, "We must repsect the other fellow's religion, but only in the sense and to the extent that we respect his theory that his wife is beautiful and his children are smart. -Henry Mencken": 1, 'Democratic nations must try to find ways to starve the terrorist and the hijacker of the oxygen of publicity on which they depend. -Margaret Thatcher': 1, 'In framing a government which is to be administered by men over men the great difficulty lies in this: You must first enable the government to control the governed, and in the next place, oblige it to control itself. -Alexander Hamilton': 1, 'Must not all things at the last be swallowed up in death? -Plato': 1, 'To defend Western Europe we have to let the Pentagon buy all these tanks and guns and things, and the Pentagon is unable to buy any object that that costs less than a condominium in Vail. If the Pentagon needs, say, fruit, it will argue that it must have fruit that can withstand the rigors of combat conditions, and it will wind up purchasing the FX-700 Seedless Tactical Grape, which will cost $160,000 per bunch, and will have an 83 percent failure rate. -Dave Barry': 1, 'Every man must decide whether he will walk in the light of creative altruism or in the darkness of destructive selfishness. -Martin Luther King Jr.': 1, "I don't work according to nature, but infront and together with it. An artist must observe the nature, but never confuse it with the art. -Pablo Picasso": 1, 'He that would make his own liberty secure, must guard even his enemy from opposition; for if he violates this duty he establishes a precedent that will reach himself. -Thomas Paine': 1, 'The best and most beautiful things in the world cannot be seen or even touched. They must be felt with the heart. -Helen Keller': 1, 'Too many poets delude themselves by thinking that the mind is dangerous and must be left out. Well, the mind is dangerous and must be left in. -Robert Frost': 2, 'Freedom is never voluntarily given by the oppressor; it must be demanded by the oppressed. -Martin Luther King Jr.': 1, 'The first principle is that you must not fool yourself - and you are the easiest person to fool. -Richard P. Feynman': 1, 'Christmas can be celebrated in the school room with pine trees, tinsel and reindeers, but there must be no mention of the man whose birthday is being celebrated. One wonders how a teacher would answer if a student asked why it was called Christmas. -Ronald Reagan': 1, 'Those who expect to reap the blessings of freedom must, like men, undergo the fatigue of supporting it. -Thomas Paine': 1, 'Against criticism a man can neither protest nor defend himself; he must act in spite of it, and then it will gradually yield to him. -Johann Wolfgang von Goethe': 1, 'Love anything and your heart will be wrung and possibly broken. If you want to make sure of keeping it intact you must give it to no one, not even an animal. Wrap it carefully round with hobbies and little luxuries; avoid all entanglements. Lock it up safe in the casket or coffin of your selfishness. But in that casket, safe, dark, motionless, airless, it will change. It will not be broken; it will become unbreakable, impenetrable, irredeemable. To love is to be vulnerable. -C.S. Lewis': 1, 'Question with boldness even the existence of a God; because, if there be one, he must more approve of the homage of reason, than that of blind-folded fear. -Thomas Jefferson': 1, 'If all our misfortunes were laid in one common heap, whence everyone must take an equal portion, most people would be content to take their own and depart. -Socrates': 1, 'Grief can take care of itself, but to get the full value of joy you must have somebody to divide it with. -Mark Twain': 1, 'You must be the change you wish to see in the world. -Mahatma Gandhi': 1, 'He that would live in peace and at ease must not speak all he knows or all he sees. -Benjamin Franklin': 1} 
me {"Don't walk in front of me, I may not follow. Don't walk behind me, I may not lead. Just walk beside me and be my friend. -Albert Camus": 3, 'Show me a thoroughly satisfied man and I will show you a failure. -Thomas Edison': 1, "To me, clowns aren't funny. In fact, they're kinda scary. I've wondered where this started, and I think it goes back to the time I went to the circus and a clown killed my dad. -Jack Handey": 1, "To me, it's always a good idea to always carry two sacks of something when you walk around. That way, if anybody says, 'Hey, can you give me a hand?,' you can say, 'Sorry, got these sacks.' -Jack Handey": 2, 'My most brilliant achievement was my ability to be able to persuade my wife to marry me. -Winston Churchill': 1, 'The fruit that can fall without shaking, indeed is too mellow for me. -Lady Mary Wortley Montagu': 1, 'Life is no brief candle to me. It is a sort of splendid torch which I have got a hold of for the moment, and I want to make it burn as brightly as possible before handing it onto future generations. -George Bernard Shaw': 1, "I told my psychiatrist that everyone hates me. He said I was being ridiculous - everyone hasn't met me yet. -Rodney Dangerfield": 2, "I'm not normally a religious man, but if you're up there, save me, Superman! -Homer Simpson": 1, 'I almost had a pyschic girlfriend, but she left me before we met. -Steven Wright': 1, "Some folks look at me and see a certain swagger, which in Texas is called 'walking.' -George W. Bush": 1, 'The thought of being president frightens me. I do not think I want the job. -Ronald Reagan': 1, 'For me, survival is the ability to cope with difficulties, with circumstances, and to overcome them. -Nelson Mandela': 1, "I had a dream the other night. I dreamed that Jimmy Carter came to me and asked why I wanted his job. I told him I didn't want his job. I want to be President. -Ronald Reagan": 1, "I know God will not give me anything I can't handle. I just wish that He didn't trust me so much. -Mother Teresa": 2, "You give me a credit to which I have no claim in calling me 'the writer of the Constitution of the United States.' This was not, like the fabled Goddess of Wisdom, the offspring of a single brain. It ought to be regarded as the work of many heads and many hands. -James Madison": 2, 'Religion to me has always been the wound, not the bandage. -Dennis Potter': 1, "Forgive, O Lord, my little jokes on Thee, and I'll forgive Thy great big joke on me. -Robert Frost": 1, 'A Native American elder once described his own inner struggles in this manner: Inside of me there are two dogs. One of the dogs is mean and evil. The other dog is good. The mean dog fights the good dog all the time. When asked which dog wins, he reflected. -George Bernard Shaw': 1, "When this girl at the museum asked me who I liked better, Monet or Manet, I said, 'I like mayonnaise.' She just stared at me, so I said it again, louder. Then she left. I guess she went to try to find some mayonnaise for me. -Jack Handey": 3, "When we got into office, the thing that surprised me the most was that things were as bad as we'd been saying they were. -John F. Kennedy": 1, 'I would not join any club that would have someone like me for a member. -Groucho Marx': 1, "I love argument, I love debate. I don't expect anyone just to sit there and agree with me, that's not their job. -Margaret Thatcher": 1, "I don't care what is written about me, so long as it isn't true. -Dorothy Parker": 1, 'Show me your hands. Do they have scars from giving? Show me your feet. Are they wounded in service? Show me your heart. Have you left a place for divine love? -Fulton J. Sheen': 3, 'To you taxpayers out there, let me say this: Make sure you file your tax return on time! And remember that, even though income taxes can be a \x93pain in the neck,\x94 the folks at the IRS are regular people just like you, except that they can destroy your life. -Dave Barry': 1, 'To me there has never been a higher source of earthly honor or distinction than that connected with advances in science. -Isaac Newton': 1, 'Nothing before had ever made me thoroughly realise, though I had read various scientific books, that science consists in grouping facts so that general laws or conclusions may be drawn from them. -Charles Darwin': 1} 
claims {"Unless the religious claims of the Bible are again acknowledged, its literary claims will, I think, be given only 'mouth honour' and that decreasingly. -C.S. Lewis": 2} 
fifths {'Four-fifths of all our troubles would disappear, if we would only sit down and keep still. -Calvin Coolidge': 1} 
room {"As a woman, I find it very embarrassing to be in a meeting and realize I'm the only one in the room with balls. -Rita Mae Brown": 1, 'Were it possible for us to wait for ourselves to come into the room, not many of us would find our hearts breaking into flower as we heard the door handle turn. -Rebecca West': 1, 'Back in the old days, most families were close-knit. Grown children and their parents continued to live together, under the same roof, sometimes in the same small, crowded room, year in and year out, until they died, frequently by strangulation. -Dave Barry': 1, 'Christmas can be celebrated in the school room with pine trees, tinsel and reindeers, but there must be no mention of the man whose birthday is being celebrated. One wonders how a teacher would answer if a student asked why it was called Christmas. -Ronald Reagan': 1, "A mathematician is a blind man in a dark room looking for a black cat which isn't there. -Charles Robert": 1} 
rights {'We have the Bill of Rights. What we need is a Bill of Responsibilities. -Bill Maher': 1, 'America did not invent human rights. In a very real sense...human rights invented America. -Jimmy Carter': 2, "The days of looking the other way while despotic regimes trample human rights, rob their nations' wealth, and then excuse their failings by feeding their people a steady diet of anti-Western hatred are over. -Dick Cheney": 1} 
pursue {"'Tis the business of little minds to shrink, but he whose heart is firm, and whose conscience approves his conduct, will pursue his principles unto death. -Thomas Paine": 1} 
work {"You know, there's a million fine looking women in the world, dude. But they don't all bring you lasagna at work. Most of 'em just cheat on you. -Kevin Smith": 1, "I don't work according to nature, but infront and together with it. An artist must observe the nature, but never confuse it with the art. -Pablo Picasso": 1, 'One definition of an economist is somebody who sees something happen in practice and wonders if it will work in theory. -Ronald Reagan': 1, 'There are no secrets to success. It is the result of preparation, hard work, and learning from failure. -Colin Powell': 1, 'There is no substitute for hard work. -Thomas Edison': 1, "Every author should weigh his work and ask, 'Will humanity gain any benefit from it?' -Nachman of Bratslav": 1, 'Slang is the language which takes off its coat, spits on its hands - and goes to work. -Carl Sandburg': 1, 'My formula for success is rise early, work late, and strike oil. -Paul Getty': 1, "You give me a credit to which I have no claim in calling me 'the writer of the Constitution of the United States.' This was not, like the fabled Goddess of Wisdom, the offspring of a single brain. It ought to be regarded as the work of many heads and many hands. -James Madison": 1, 'Thinking is the hardest work there is, which is the probable reason why so few engage in it. -Henry Ford': 1, 'It is your work in life that is the ultimate seduction. -Pablo Picasso': 1, 'The mintage of wisdom is to know that rest is rust, and that real life is in love, laughter, and work. -Elbert Hubbard': 1, 'When you work seven days a week, fourteen hours a day, you get lucky. -Armand Hammer': 1, 'The last thing one discovers in composing a work is what to put first. -Blaise Pascal': 1, 'It behooves every man to remember that the work of the critic is of altogether secondary importance, and that, in the end, progress is accomplished by the man who does things. -Theodore Roosevelt': 1, "It's not how old you are, it's how hard you work at it. -Jonah Barrington": 1, 'I am a strong believer in luck and I find the harder I work the more I have of it. -Benjamin Franklin': 1, 'New knowledge is the most valuable commodity on earth. The more truth we have to work with, the richer we become. -Kurt Vonnegut': 1, 'It is astonishing what an effort it seems to be for many people to put their brains definitely and systematically to work. -Thomas Edison': 1} 
worm {'No nation keeps its word. A nation is a big, blind worm, following what? Fate perhaps. A nation has no honor, it has no word to keep. -Carl Jung': 1, 'We are all worms, but I do believe I am a glow-worm. -Winston Churchill': 1} 
roof {'Back in the old days, most families were close-knit. Grown children and their parents continued to live together, under the same roof, sometimes in the same small, crowded room, year in and year out, until they died, frequently by strangulation. -Dave Barry': 1} 
movies {'Karate is a form of marital arts in which people who have had years and years of training can, using only their hands and feet, make some of the worst movies in the history of the world. -Dave Barry': 1} 
mechanic {"Having a male gynecologist is like going to an auto mechanic who doesn't own a car. -Carrie Snow": 1, "It is a good idea to ''shop around'' before you settle on a doctor. Ask about the condition of his Mercedes. Ask about the competence of his mechanic. Don't be shy! After all, you're paying for it. -Dave Barry": 1} 
guise {'If tyranny and oppression come to this land, it will be in the guise of fighting a foreign enemy. -James Madison': 1} 
endow {"I think, at a child's birth, if a mother could ask a fairy godmother to endow it with the most useful gift, that gift should be curiosity. -Eleanor Roosevelt": 1} 
misfortunes {'If all our misfortunes were laid in one common heap, whence everyone must take an equal portion, most people would be content to take their own and depart. -Socrates': 1} 
radiance {'Just as your hand, held before the eye, can hide the tallest mountain, so this small earthly life keeps us from seeing the vast radiance that fills the core of the universe. -Nachman of Bratslav': 1} 
estate {'My friends are my estate. -Emily Dickinson': 1} 
give {'We make a living by what we get, but we make a life by what we give. -Winston Churchill': 1, 'It is the dissimilarities and inequalities among men which give rise to the notion of honor; as such differences become less, it grows feeble; and when they disappear, it will vanish too. -Alexis de Tocqueville': 1, "I know God will not give me anything I can't handle. I just wish that He didn't trust me so much. -Mother Teresa": 1, "A University of Chicago professor said the greatest day in the world was when a water puppy crawled out on land and decided to stay. The water puppy, he said, went on to become a man. If he proves that, I am willing to give up Christmas, Thanksgiving, and New Year's Day, and to celebrate Water Puppy Day. -William Jennings Bryan": 1, 'They that can give up essential liberty to obtain a little temporary safety deserve neither liberty nor safety. -Benjamin Franklin': 1, "It's not how much we give but how much love we put into giving. -Mother Teresa": 1, "You give me a credit to which I have no claim in calling me 'the writer of the Constitution of the United States.' This was not, like the fabled Goddess of Wisdom, the offspring of a single brain. It ought to be regarded as the work of many heads and many hands. -James Madison": 1, "To me, it's always a good idea to always carry two sacks of something when you walk around. That way, if anybody says, 'Hey, can you give me a hand?,' you can say, 'Sorry, got these sacks.' -Jack Handey": 1, 'Words which do not give the light of Christ increase the darkness. -Mother Teresa': 1, "The function of RAM is to give us guys a way of deciding whose computer has the biggest, studliest, most tumescent MEMORY. This is important, because with today's complex software, the more memory a computer has, the faster it can produce error messages. So the bottom line is, if you're a guy, you cannot have enough RAM. -Dave Barry": 1, 'Before reciting his prayers, a man should give to charity. -Nachman of Bratslav': 1, 'Never give in--never, never, never, never, in nothing great or small, large or petty, never give in except to convictions of honour and good sense. Never yield to force; never yield to the apparently overwhelming might of the enemy. -Winston Churchill': 2, 'Love anything and your heart will be wrung and possibly broken. If you want to make sure of keeping it intact you must give it to no one, not even an animal. Wrap it carefully round with hobbies and little luxuries; avoid all entanglements. Lock it up safe in the casket or coffin of your selfishness. But in that casket, safe, dark, motionless, airless, it will change. It will not be broken; it will become unbreakable, impenetrable, irredeemable. To love is to be vulnerable. -C.S. Lewis': 1, 'The Bible is not my book, and Christianity is not my religion. I could never give assent to the long, complicated statements of Christian dogma. -Abraham Lincoln': 1, 'I do not believe one can settle how much we ought to give. I am afraid the only safe rule is to give more than we can spare. -C.S. Lewis': 2, 'God does not give heed to the ambitiousness of our prayers, because he is always ready to give to us his light, not a visible light but an intellectual and spiritual one; but we are not always ready to receive it when we turn aside and down to other things out of a desire for temporal things. -Saint Augustine': 2} 
unjust {'An unjust punishment is never forgotten. -Penelope Fitzgerald': 1} 
in {"If you're in a boxing match, try not to let the other guy's glove touch your lips, because you don't know where that glove has been. -Jack Handey": 1, 'Humility must always be the portion of any man who receives acclaim earned in blood of his followers and sacrifices of his friends. -Dwight Eisenhower': 1, 'We live in an age when unnecessary things are our only necessities. -Oscar Wilde': 1, "The most exciting phrase to hear in science, the one that heralds new discoveries, is not 'Eureka!' (I found it!) but 'That's funny...' -Isaac Asimov": 1, "I've worked for four presidents and watched two others up close, and I know that there's no such thing as a routine day in the Oval Office. -Dick Cheney": 1, 'PRESIDENT, n. The leading figure in a small group of men of whom \x97 and of whom only \x97 it is positively known that immense numbers of their countrymen did not want any of them for President. -Ambrose Bierce': 1, 'Every gun that is made, every warship launched, every rocket fired, signifies in the final sense a theft from those who hunger and are not fed, those who are cold and are not clothed. -Dwight Eisenhower': 1, 'All virtue is summed up in dealing justly. -Aristotle': 1, 'Back in the old days, most families were close-knit. Grown children and their parents continued to live together, under the same roof, sometimes in the same small, crowded room, year in and year out, until they died, frequently by strangulation. -Dave Barry': 3, 'I will honor Christmas in my heart, and try to keep it all the year. -Charles Dickens': 1, 'My aim is to put down on paper what I see and what I feel in the best and simplest way. -Ernest Hemingway': 1, "The puritanism of Christianity has played havoc with the moderation that an enlightened and tolerant critical spirit would have produced. I've noticed that in whatever country, county, town, or other region there is a regulation enjoining temperance, the population seems to be entirely composed of teetotallers and drunkards. There's a Bible on that shelf there. But I keep it next to Voltaire - poison and antidote. -Bertrand Russell": 1, 'The Nation which indulges toward another an habitual hatred or an habitual fondness is in some degree a slave. It is a slave to its animosity or to its affection, either of which is sufficient to lead it astray from its duty and its interest. -George Washington': 1, 'Those who believe they are exclusively in the right are generally those who achieve something. -Aldous Huxley': 1, 'When an American says that he loves his country, he means not only that he loves the New England hills, the prairies glistening in the sun, the wide and rising plains, the great mountains, and the sea. He means that he loves an inner air, an inner light in which freedom lives and in which a man can draw the breath of self-respect. -Adlai Stevenson': 3, 'Friendship is a single soul dwelling in two bodies. -Aristotle': 1, 'One definition of an economist is somebody who sees something happen in practice and wonders if it will work in theory. -Ronald Reagan': 2, "Anybody can become angry - that is easy, but to be angry with the right person and to the right degree and at the right time and for the right purpose, and in the right way - that is not within everybody's power and is not easy. -Aristotle": 1, 'Journalism is literature in a hurry. -Matthew Arnold': 1, 'Every man must decide whether he will walk in the light of creative altruism or in the darkness of destructive selfishness. -Martin Luther King Jr.': 2, "To me, clowns aren't funny. In fact, they're kinda scary. I've wondered where this started, and I think it goes back to the time I went to the circus and a clown killed my dad. -Jack Handey": 1, 'When in doubt, do it. -Oliver Wendell Holmes': 1, "There are people who put their dreams in a little box and say, Yes, I've got dreams, of course I've got dreams. Then they put the box away and bring it out once in awhile to look in it, and yep, they're still there. -Erna Bombeck": 3, 'Nothing in the world is more dangerous than sincere ignorance and conscientious stupidity. -Martin Luther King Jr.': 1, 'We have it in our power to begin the world over again. -Thomas Paine': 1, 'No human relation gives one possession in another...every two souls are absolutely different. In friendship and in love, the two side by side raise hands together to find what one cannot reach alone. -Kahlil Gibran': 3, 'In the beginning, the universe was created. This made a lot of people very angry, and has been widely regarded as a bad idea. -Douglas Adams': 1, 'In all chaos there is a cosmos, in all disorder a secret order. -Carl Jung': 2, 'Avoid the base hypocrisy of condemning in one man what you pass over in silence when committed by another. -Theodore Roosevelt': 2, 'Like many intellectuals, he was incapable of saying a simple thing in a simple way. -Marcel Proust': 1, 'That is the true season of love, when we believe that we alone can love, that no one could ever have loved so before us, and that no one will love in the same way after us. -Johann Wolfgang von Goethe': 1, 'We are living in a world, where what we earn is a function of what we learn. -Bill Clinton': 1, 'You find out more about God from the Moral Law than from the univerise in general just as you find out more about a man by listening to his conversation than by looking at a house he has built. -C.S. Lewis': 1, 'I am a writer of books in retrospect. I talk in order to understand; I teach in order to learn. -Robert Frost': 3, 'The laws of gravity cannot be held responsible for people falling in love. -Albert Einstein': 1, 'Being is desirable because it is identical with Beauty, and Beauty is loved because it is Being. We ourselves possess Beauty when we are true to our own being; ugliness is in going over to another order; knowing ourselves, we are beautiful; in self-ignorance, we are ugly. -Ambrose Bierce': 2, 'Christmas can be celebrated in the school room with pine trees, tinsel and reindeers, but there must be no mention of the man whose birthday is being celebrated. One wonders how a teacher would answer if a student asked why it was called Christmas. -Ronald Reagan': 1, "Some folks look at me and see a certain swagger, which in Texas is called 'walking.' -George W. Bush": 1, 'Never give in--never, never, never, never, in nothing great or small, large or petty, never give in except to convictions of honour and good sense. Never yield to force; never yield to the apparently overwhelming might of the enemy. -Winston Churchill': 3, 'In politics, an organized minority is a political majority. -Jesse Jackson': 1, 'The last thing one discovers in composing a work is what to put first. -Blaise Pascal': 1, 'If we do not help a man in trouble, it is as if we caused the trouble. -Nachman of Bratslav': 1, 'America did not invent human rights. In a very real sense...human rights invented America. -Jimmy Carter': 1, 'Rhis is to be asserted in general of men: that they are ungrateful, fickle, false, cowardly, covetous, and as long as you succeed, are yours entirely; they will offer you their blood, property, life, and children...when the need is far distant; but when it approaches, they will turn against you. -Nicolo Machiavelli': 1, 'The art of being happy lies in the power of extracting happiness from common things. -Henry Ward Beecher': 1, 'True patriotism hates injustice in its own land more than anywhere else. -Clarence Darrow': 1, 'Against criticism a man can neither protest nor defend himself; he must act in spite of it, and then it will gradually yield to him. -Johann Wolfgang von Goethe': 1, 'The direction in which education starts a man will determine his future life. -Plato': 1, 'He that fights and runs away, may turn and fight another day; but he that is in battle slain, will never rise to fight again. -Tacitus': 1, 'Thinking is the hardest work there is, which is the probable reason why so few engage in it. -Henry Ford': 1, 'If all our misfortunes were laid in one common heap, whence everyone must take an equal portion, most people would be content to take their own and depart. -Socrates': 1, 'In politics, if you want anything said, ask a man; if you want anything done, ask a woman. -Margaret Thatcher': 1, 'To you taxpayers out there, let me say this: Make sure you file your tax return on time! And remember that, even though income taxes can be a \x93pain in the neck,\x94 the folks at the IRS are regular people just like you, except that they can destroy your life. -Dave Barry': 1, 'In any moment of decision, the best thing you can do is the right thing. The worst thing you can do is nothing. -Theodore Roosevelt': 1, 'I thought it completely absurd to mention my name in the same breath as the Presidency. -Dwight Eisenhower': 1, "Don't walk in front of me, I may not follow. Don't walk behind me, I may not lead. Just walk beside me and be my friend. -Albert Camus": 1, "Parents are not interested in justice, they're interested in peace and quiet. -Bill Cosby": 2, "A University of Chicago professor said the greatest day in the world was when a water puppy crawled out on land and decided to stay. The water puppy, he said, went on to become a man. If he proves that, I am willing to give up Christmas, Thanksgiving, and New Year's Day, and to celebrate Water Puppy Day. -William Jennings Bryan": 1, 'Everyone is in awe of the lion tamer in a cage with half a dozen lions -- everyone but a school bus driver. -Laurence Peter': 2, 'A truly great book should be read in youth, again in maturity and once more in old age, as a fine building should be seen by morning light, at noon and by moonlight. -Robertson Davies': 3, 'Two roads diverged in a wood, and I...I took the one less traveled by, and that has made all the difference. -Robert Frost': 1, 'It must be remembered that there is nothing more difficult to plan, more doubtful of success nor more dangerous to manage than the creation of a new system. For the initiator has the enmity of all who profit by the preservation of the old institution and merely lukewarm defenders in those who would gain by the new one. -Nicolo Machiavelli': 1, 'There is wishful thinking in Hell as well as on Earth. -C.S. Lewis': 1, "As a woman, I find it very embarrassing to be in a meeting and realize I'm the only one in the room with balls. -Rita Mae Brown": 2, "It does not require a majority to prevail, but rather an irate, tireless minority keen to set brush fires in people's minds. -Samuel Adams": 1, 'I hope that when you are my age, you will be able to say as I have been able to say: We lived in freedom. We lived lives that were a statement, not an apology. -Ronald Reagan': 1, 'All enterprises that are entered into with indiscreet zeal may be pursued with great vigor at first, but are sure to collapse in the end. -Tacitus': 1, 'The greatest lesson in life is to know that even fools are right sometimes. -Winston Churchill': 1, 'There is no strength in unbelief. Even the unbelief of what is false is no source of might. It is the truth shining from behind that gives the strength to disbelieve. -George MacDonald': 1, 'Reason is experimental intelligence, conceived after the pattern of science, and used in the creation of social arts; it has something to do. It liberates man from the bondage of the past, due to ignorance and accident hardened into custom. It projects a better future and assists man in its realization. -John Dewey': 2, "A man can't be too careful in the choice of his enemies. -Oscar Wilde": 1, 'It is your work in life that is the ultimate seduction. -Pablo Picasso': 1, 'Karate is a form of marital arts in which people who have had years and years of training can, using only their hands and feet, make some of the worst movies in the history of the world. -Dave Barry': 2, 'Regarding the debate about faith and works: It\x92s like asking which blade in a pair of scissors is most important. -C.S. Lewis': 1, "Never continue in a job you don't enjoy. If you're happy in what you're doing, you'll like yourself, you'll have inner peace. And if you have that, along with physical health, you will have had more success than you could possibly have imagined. -Johnny Carson": 2, 'Liberty exists in proportion to wholesome restraint. -Daniel Webster': 1, 'Sex is emotion in motion. -Mae West': 1, "Don't worry about the world coming to an end today. It's already tomorrow in Australia. -Charles Schulz": 1, 'I mistrust the judgment of every man in a case in which his own wishes are concerned. -Daniel Webster': 2, "Art is man's expression of his joy in labor. -Henry Kissinger": 1, "A man's very highest moment is, I have no doubt at all, when he kneels in the dust, and beats his breast, and tells all the sins of his life. -Oscar Wilde": 1, 'Serious sport has nothing to do with fair play. It is bound up with hatred, jealousy, boastfulness, disregard of all rules and sadistic pleasure in witnessing violence. In other words: it is war minus the shooting. -George Orwell': 2, 'In politics shared hatreds are almost always the basis of friendships. -Alexis de Tocqueville': 1, "I love Thanksgiving. It's the only time in Los Angeles that you see natural breasts. -Arnold Schwarzenegger": 1, 'Art, like morality, consists in drawing the line somewhere. -GK Chesterton': 1, 'Of course the people dont want war...that is understood. But voice or no voice, the people can always be brought to the bidding of the leaders. That is easy. All you have to do is tell them they are being attacked, and denounce the pacifists for lack of patriotism and exposing the country to danger. It works the same in any country. -Hermann Goering': 1, "You give me a credit to which I have no claim in calling me 'the writer of the Constitution of the United States.' This was not, like the fabled Goddess of Wisdom, the offspring of a single brain. It ought to be regarded as the work of many heads and many hands. -James Madison": 1, 'The best and most beautiful things in the world cannot be seen or even touched. They must be felt with the heart. -Helen Keller': 1, "If you could kick the person in the pants responsible for most of your trouble, you wouldn't sit for a month. -Theodore Roosevelt": 1, "Thus far, the reputed idiot Bush has graduated from Yale and Harvard, made a stack of cash in the oil industry, become the first consecutive-term governor of Texas, defeated a dual-term VP for the presidency, and led his party to [November 5th's] extraordinary triumphs. Let his opponents keep calling him stupid; if they do, within five years Bush will be King of England, the Pope, and world Formula One motor racing champion. -Tim Blair": 1, "No matter what they're charging to get in, it's worth more to get out. -Roger Ebert": 1, "Don't knock the weather; nine-tenths of the people couldn't start a conversation if it didn't change once in a while. -Kin Hubbard": 1, 'Happiness makes up in height for what it lacks in length. -Robert Frost': 2, 'The giving of love is an education in itself. -Eleanor Roosevelt': 1, 'I went out to the country so i could examine the simple things in life. -Henry Thoreau': 1, 'A Native American elder once described his own inner struggles in this manner: Inside of me there are two dogs. One of the dogs is mean and evil. The other dog is good. The mean dog fights the good dog all the time. When asked which dog wins, he reflected. -George Bernard Shaw': 1, 'I believe in Christianity as I believe that the sun has risen, not only because I see it, but because by it I see everything else. -C.S. Lewis': 1, 'You know what the fellow said: In Italy for thirty years under the Borgias they had warfare, terror, murder, and bloodshed, but they produced Michaelangelo, Leonardo Da Vinci, and the Renaissance. In Switzerland, they had brotherly love--they had five hundred years of democracy and peace, and what did they produce? The cuckoo clock. -Orson Welles': 2, 'It is most unwise for people in love to marry. -George Bernard Shaw': 1, 'To defend Western Europe we have to let the Pentagon buy all these tanks and guns and things, and the Pentagon is unable to buy any object that that costs less than a condominium in Vail. If the Pentagon needs, say, fruit, it will argue that it must have fruit that can withstand the rigors of combat conditions, and it will wind up purchasing the FX-700 Seedless Tactical Grape, which will cost $160,000 per bunch, and will have an 83 percent failure rate. -Dave Barry': 1, 'The thing we all have to understand to put these last two years in focus, is that liberals in this country care more about whether European leaders like us than they do about whether terrorists are killing us. -Rush Limbaugh': 2, 'People sleep peaceably in their beds at night only because rough men stand ready to do violence on their behalf. -George Orwell': 1, 'The greatest happiness of life is the conviction that we are loved, loved for ourselves, or rather, loved in spite of ourselves. -Victor Hugo': 1, 'Show me your hands. Do they have scars from giving? Show me your feet. Are they wounded in service? Show me your heart. Have you left a place for divine love? -Fulton J. Sheen': 1, 'There is luxury in self-reproach. When we blame ourselves, we feel no one else has a right to blame us. -Oscar Wilde': 1, "I'm the type who'd be happy not going anywhere as long as I was sure I knew exactly what was happening at the places I wasn't going to. I'm the type who'd like to sit home and watch every party that I'm invited to on a monitor in my bedroom. -Andy Warhol": 1, 'From kindergarten to graduation, I went to public schools, and I know that they are a key to being sure that every child has a chance to succeed and to rise in the world. -Dick Cheney': 1, 'Character is what you are in the dark. -John Whorfin': 1, 'If the primary aim of a captain were to preserve his ship, he would keep it in port forever. -Thomas Aquinas': 1, 'He who is not courageous enough to take risks will accomplish nothing in life. -Muhammad Ali': 1, 'Man was made for action, and to promote by the exertion of his faculties such changes in the external circumstances both of himself and others, as may seem most favourable to the happiness of all. -Adam Smith': 1, "Of course I don't believe in it. But I understand that it brings you luck whether you believe in it or not. -Niels Bohr": 2, 'The first thing I do in the morning is brush my teeth and sharpen my tongue. -Dorothy Parker': 1, 'He wrapped himself in quotations--as a beggar would enfold himself in the purple of Emperors. -Rudyard Kipling': 2, 'A successful marriage requires falling in love many times, always with the same person. -Germaine Greer': 1, 'We have to make America the best place in the world to do business. -Dick Cheney': 1, 'Experts tell us that if the Millennium Bug is not fixed, when the year 2000 arrives, our financial records will be inaccurate, our telephone system will be unreliable, our government will be paralyzed and airline flights will be canceled without warning. In other words, things will be pretty much the same as they are now. -Dave Barry': 1, 'I arrive at the end of this review having done my duty as a critic. I have described the movie accurately and you have a good idea what you are in for if you go to see it. Most of you will not. I cannot argue with you. Some of you will--the brave and the curious. You embody the spirit of the man who first wondered what it would taste like to eat an oyster. -Roger Ebert': 1, 'No sooner do we depart from sense and instinct to follow reason but we are insensibly drawn into uncouth paradoxes, difficulties, and inconsistencies, which multiply and grow upon us as we advance in speculation; till at length, having wandered through many intricate mazes, we find ourselves just where we were, or, which is worse, sit down in a forlorn scepticism. -George Berkeley': 2, 'As scarce as truth is, the supply has always been in excess of the demand. -Josh Billings': 1, 'If we will be quiet and ready enough, we shall find compensation in every disappointment. -Henry Thoreau': 1, 'Children always understand. They have open minds. They have built-in shit detectors. -Madonna Ciccone': 1, 'Must not all things at the last be swallowed up in death? -Plato': 1, 'It is by the goodness of God that, in this country, we have three benefits: freedom of speech, freedom of thought, and the wisdom never to use either. -Mark Twain': 1, "Talent alone won't make you a success. Neither will being in the right place at the right time, unless you are ready. The most important question is: 'Are you ready?' -Johnny Carson": 1, 'In the long run, we shape our lives and we shape ourselves. The process never ends until we die, and the choices that we make are ultimately our responsibility. -Eleanor Roosevelt': 1, 'Humility is the foundation of all the other virtues hence, in the soul in which this virtue does not exist there cannot be any other virtue except in mere appearance. -Saint Augustine': 3, 'Man [has] always assumed that he was more intelligent than dolphins because he had achieved so much-the wheel, New York, wars and so on-while all the dolphins had ever done was muck about in the water having a good time. But conversely, the dolphins had always believed that they were far more intelligent than man-for precisely the same reason. -Douglas Adams': 1, 'Beauty is all very well at first sight; but whoever looks at it when it has been in the house three days? -George Bernard Shaw': 1, 'Let us have faith that right makes might, and in that faith, let us, to the end, dare to do our duty as we understand it. -Abraham Lincoln': 1, "In every man's heart there is a secret nerve that answers to the vibrations of beauty. -Christopher Morley": 1, 'Anyone who invokes authors in discussion is not using his intelligence but his memory. -Leonardo da Vinci': 1, "Money never made a man happy yet, nor will it. There is nothing in its nature to produce happiness. The more a man has, the more he wants. Instead of its filling a vacuum, it makes one. If it satisfies one want, it doubles and trebles that want another way. That was a true proverb of the wise man, rely upon it; ''Better is little with the fear of the Lord, than great treasure, and trouble therewith. -Benjamin Franklin": 1, 'Without question, the greatest invention in the history of mankind is beer. Oh, I grant you that the wheel was also a fine invention, but the wheel does not go nearly as well with pizza. -Dave Barry': 1, 'Women are the only realists; their whole object in life is to pit their realism against the extravagant, excessive, and occasionally drunken idealism of men. -GK Chesterton': 1, 'I am a strong believer in luck and I find the harder I work the more I have of it. -Benjamin Franklin': 1, 'You can discover more about a person in an hour of play than in a year of conversation. -Plato': 2, "My role in society, or any artist's or poet's role, is to try and express what we all feel. Not to tell people how to feel. Not as a preacher, not as a leader, but as a reflection of us all. -John Lennon": 1, 'If my children wake up on Christmas morning and have someone to thank for putting candy in their stocking, have I no one to thank for putting two feet in mine? -GK Chesterton': 2, "We all want progress, but if you're on the wrong road, progress means doing an about-turn and walking back to the right road; in that case, the man who turns back soonest is the most progressive. -C.S. Lewis": 1, 'In Heaven all the interesting people are missing. -Friedrich Nietzsche': 1, 'There is no glory in battle worth the blood it costs. -Dwight Eisenhower': 1, "When they call the roll in the Senate, the Senators do not know whether to answer 'Present' or 'Not guilty.' -Theodore Roosevelt": 1, 'There are men in all ages who mean to govern well, but they mean to govern. They promise to be good masters, but they mean to be masters. -Daniel Webster': 1, 'Love is a fruit in season at all times, and within reach of every hand. -Mother Teresa': 1, 'The reason we hold truth in such respect is because we have so little opportunity to get familiar with it. -Mark Twain': 1, "We all wish to be judged by our peers, by the men 'after our own heart.' Only they really know our mind and only they judge it by standards we fully acknowledge. Theirs is the praise we really covet and the blame we really dread. The little pockets of early Chrstians survived because they cared exclusively for the love of 'the bretheren' and stopped their ears to the opinion of the Pagan society around them. But a circle of criminals, cranks, or perverts survives in just the same way; by becoming deaf to the opinion of the outer world, by discounting it as the chatter of outsiders who 'don't understand,' of the 'conventional,' the 'bourgeois,' the 'Establishment,' of prigs, prudes, and humbugs. -C.S. Lewis": 1, 'I confess, I do not believe in time. -Vladimir Nabokov': 1, "You know, there's a million fine looking women in the world, dude. But they don't all bring you lasagna at work. Most of 'em just cheat on you. -Kevin Smith": 1, 'Too many poets delude themselves by thinking that the mind is dangerous and must be left out. Well, the mind is dangerous and must be left in. -Robert Frost': 1, "One of the great attractions of patriotism -- it fulfills our worst wishes. In the person of our nation we are able, vicariously, to bully and cheat. Bully and cheat, what's more, with a feeling that we are profoundly virtuous. -Aldous Huxley": 1, 'The greatest thing in this world is not so much where we are, but in what direction we are moving. -Oliver Wendell Holmes': 2, 'Government consists in nothing else but so controlling subjects that they shall neither be able to, nor have cause to do it harm. -Nicolo Machiavelli': 1, "Nothing is wrong with Southern California that a rise in the ocean level wouldn't cure. -Kenneth Millar": 1, 'It is hard to believe that a man is telling the truth when you know that you would lie if you were in his place. -Henry Mencken': 1, 'Cooking was invented in prehistoric times, when a primitive tribe had a lucky accident. The tribe had killed an animal and was going to eat it raw, when a tribe member named Woog tripped and dropped it into the fire. At first the other tribe members were angry at Woog, but then, as the aroma of burning meat filled the air, they had an idea. So they ate Woog raw. -Dave Barry': 1, 'Though force can protect in emergency, only justice, fairness, consideration and cooperation can finally lead men to the dawn of eternal peace. -Dwight Eisenhower': 1, 'PRESIDENCY, n. The greased pig in the field game of American politics. -Ambrose Bierce': 1, "Mothers all want their sons to grow up to be president, but they don't want them to become politicians in the process. -John F. Kennedy": 1, 'What is the most important for democracy is not that great fortunes should not exist, but that great fortunes should not remain in the same hands. In that way there are rich men, but they do not form a class. -Alexis de Tocqueville': 2, 'The mintage of wisdom is to know that rest is rust, and that real life is in love, laughter, and work. -Elbert Hubbard': 1, 'Let us now set forth one of the fundamental truths about marriage: the wife is in charge. -Bill Cosby': 1, 'There is no joy in life like the joy of sharing. -Billy Graham': 1, 'To me there has never been a higher source of earthly honor or distinction than that connected with advances in science. -Isaac Newton': 1, 'Opera is when a guy gets stabbed in the back and, instead of bleeding, he sings. -Ed Gardner': 1, 'The act of policing is, in order to punish less often, to punish more severely. -Napoleon Bonaparte': 1, 'Skepticism is a virtue in history as well as in philosophy. -Napoleon Bonaparte': 2, 'I may be drunk, Miss, but in the morning I will be sober and you will still be ugly. -Winston Churchill': 1, 'Success does not consist in never making mistakes but in never making the same one a second time. -George Bernard Shaw': 2, 'Success, the real success, does not depend upon the position you hold but upon how you carry yourself in that position. -Theodore Roosevelt': 1, 'Such is the delicacy of man alone, that no object is produced to his liking. He finds that in everything there is need for improvement. The whole industry of human life is employed not in procuring the supply of our three humble necessities, food, clothes and lodging, but in procuring the conveniences of it according to the nicety and delicacy of our tastes. -Adam Smith': 3, "Associate yourself with men of good quality if you esteem your own reputation; for 'tis better to be alone than in bad company. -George Washington": 1, 'In life, as in art, the beautiful moves in curves. -Edward Bulwer-Lytton': 3, "Being president is like being a jackass in a hailstorm. There's nothing to do but stand there and take it. -Lyndon B. Johnson": 1, "Accept good advice gracefully--as long as it doesn't interfere with what you intended to do in the first place. -Gene Brown": 1, 'In the councils of government, we must guard against the acquisition of unwarranted influence, whether sought or unsought, by the military-industrial complex. -Dwight Eisenhower': 1, "We must repsect the other fellow's religion, but only in the sense and to the extent that we respect his theory that his wife is beautiful and his children are smart. -Henry Mencken": 1, 'It behooves every man to remember that the work of the critic is of altogether secondary importance, and that, in the end, progress is accomplished by the man who does things. -Theodore Roosevelt': 1, 'In framing a government which is to be administered by men over men the great difficulty lies in this: You must first enable the government to control the governed, and in the next place, oblige it to control itself. -Alexander Hamilton': 3, 'Thus the metric system did not really catch on in the States, unless you count the increasing popularity of the nine-millimeter bullet. -Dave Barry': 1, 'Love anything and your heart will be wrung and possibly broken. If you want to make sure of keeping it intact you must give it to no one, not even an animal. Wrap it carefully round with hobbies and little luxuries; avoid all entanglements. Lock it up safe in the casket or coffin of your selfishness. But in that casket, safe, dark, motionless, airless, it will change. It will not be broken; it will become unbreakable, impenetrable, irredeemable. To love is to be vulnerable. -C.S. Lewis': 2, 'Satisfaction lies in the effort, not in the attainment. Full effort is full victory. -Mahatma Gandhi': 2, 'The United States stands at the pinnacle of world power. This is a solemn moment for the American democracy. For with primacy in power is joined an awe-inspiring accountability for the future. -Winston Churchill': 1, "Reality is that which, when you stop believing in it, doesn't go away. -Phillip K. Dick": 1, 'Heroism is not only in the man, but in the occasion. -Calvin Coolidge': 2, 'There are three ingredients in the good life: learning, earning and yearning. -Christopher Morley': 1, 'On account of being a democracy and run by the people, we are the only nation in the world that has to keep a government four years, no matter what it does. -Will Rogers': 1, 'If tyranny and oppression come to this land, it will be in the guise of fighting a foreign enemy. -James Madison': 1, 'A radical is a man with both feet firmly planted in the air. -Franklin D. Roosevelt': 1, 'Love yourself first and everything else falls into line. You really have to love yourself to get anything done in this world. -Lucille Ball': 1, 'I feel impelled to speak today in a language that in a sense is new-one which I, who have spent so much of my life in the military profession, would have preferred never to use. That new language is the language of atomic warfare. -Dwight Eisenhower': 3, "Is there anything more beautiful than a beautiful, beautiful flamingo, flying across in front of a beautiful sunset? And he's carrying a beautiful rose in his beak, and also he's carrying a very beautiful painting with his feet. And also, you're drunk. -Jack Handey": 2, "There's nothing sadder in this world than to awake Christmas morning and not be a child. -Erna Bombeck": 1, "Don't let people drive you crazy when you know it's in walking distance. -Author Unknown": 1, 'In any fairly large and talkative community such as a university there is always the danger that those who think alike should gravitate together where they will henceforth encounter opposition only in the emasculated form of rumour that the outsiders say thus and thus. The absent are easily refuted, complacent dogmatism thrives, and differences of opinion are embittered by the group hostility. Each group hears not the best, but the worst, that the other group can say. -C.S. Lewis': 2, 'He who learns but does not think, is lost! He who thinks but does not learn is in great danger. -Confucius': 1, 'Take time to deliberate, but when the time for action has arrived, stop thinking and go in. -Napoleon Bonaparte': 1, 'Men show their characters in nothing more clearly than in what they think laughable. -Johann Wolfgang von Goethe': 2, 'Rome remained free for four hundred years and Sparta eight hundred, although their citizens were armed all that time; but many other states that have been disarmed have lost their liberties in less than forty years. -Nicolo Machiavelli': 1, 'There is hardly a political question in the United States which does not sooner or later turn into a judicial one. -Alexis de Tocqueville': 1, 'For each illness that doctors cure with medicine, they provoke ten in healthy people by inoculating them with the virus that is a thousand times more powerful than any microbe: the idea that one is ill. -Marcel Proust': 1, 'In the Orthodox spiritual tradition, the ultimate moral question we ask is the following: Is what we are doing, is what I am doing, beautiful or not? -Carolyn Gifford': 1, 'When nothing seems to help, I go and look at a stonecutter hammering away at his rock perhaps a hundred times without as much as a crack showing in it. Yet at the hundred and first blow it will split in two, and I know it was not that blow that did it, but all that had gone before. -Jacob August Riis': 2, 'For a time, at least, I was the most famous person in the entire world. -Jesse Owens': 1, "A mathematician is a blind man in a dark room looking for a black cat which isn't there. -Charles Robert": 1, 'Under the doctrine of the separation of powers, the manner in which the president personally exercises his assigned executive powers is not subject to questioning by another branch of government. -Richard Nixon': 1, 'The aging process has you firmly in its grasp if you never get the urge to throw a snowball. -Doug Larson': 1, "If Jack's in love, he's no judge of Jill's beauty. -Benjamin Franklin": 1, 'Remember not only to say the right thing in the right place, but far more difficult still, to leave unsaid the wrong thing at the tempting moment. -Benjamin Franklin': 1, "I think computer viruses should count as life. I think it says something about human nature that the only form of life we have created so far is purely destructive. We've created life in our own image. -Stephen Hawking": 1, 'The least of things with a meaning is worth more in life than the greatest of things without it. -Carl Jung': 1, 'He that would live in peace and at ease must not speak all he knows or all he sees. -Benjamin Franklin': 1, 'Three grand essentials to happiness in this life are something to do, something to love, and something to hope for. -Joseph Addison': 1, 'A great deal of intelligence can be invested in ignorance when the need for illusion is deep. -Saul Bellow': 1, 'You must be the change you wish to see in the world. -Mahatma Gandhi': 1, 'Americans are so enamored of equality, they would rather be equal in slavery than unequal in freedom. -Alexis de Tocqueville': 2, 'Nothing before had ever made me thoroughly realise, though I had read various scientific books, that science consists in grouping facts so that general laws or conclusions may be drawn from them. -Charles Darwin': 1} 
organized {'In politics, an organized minority is a political majority. -Jesse Jackson': 1} 
want {"We all want progress, but if you're on the wrong road, progress means doing an about-turn and walking back to the right road; in that case, the man who turns back soonest is the most progressive. -C.S. Lewis": 1, "The movie's director is the pilot. It's his vision. For an actor, the time to worry about flying is when you're on the ground. If you don't want to fly with the director, don't get on the plane. -Denzel Washington": 1, "I realise that I'm making gender-based generalizations here, but my feeling is that if God did not want us to make gender-based generalizations, She would not have given us genders. -Dave Barry": 1, "All I want out of life, is that when I walk down the street folks will say, 'There goes the greatest hitter that ever lived.' -Ted Williams": 1, 'Freedom is not something that anybody can be given; freedom is something people take and people are as free as they want to be. -James Baldwin': 1, 'Love anything and your heart will be wrung and possibly broken. If you want to make sure of keeping it intact you must give it to no one, not even an animal. Wrap it carefully round with hobbies and little luxuries; avoid all entanglements. Lock it up safe in the casket or coffin of your selfishness. But in that casket, safe, dark, motionless, airless, it will change. It will not be broken; it will become unbreakable, impenetrable, irredeemable. To love is to be vulnerable. -C.S. Lewis': 1, 'Of course the people dont want war...that is understood. But voice or no voice, the people can always be brought to the bidding of the leaders. That is easy. All you have to do is tell them they are being attacked, and denounce the pacifists for lack of patriotism and exposing the country to danger. It works the same in any country. -Hermann Goering': 1, "Advice to young writers who want to get ahead without annoying delays: don\x92t write about Man, write about 'a' man. -E.B. White": 1, "Mothers all want their sons to grow up to be president, but they don't want them to become politicians in the process. -John F. Kennedy": 2, 'Life is no brief candle to me. It is a sort of splendid torch which I have got a hold of for the moment, and I want to make it burn as brightly as possible before handing it onto future generations. -George Bernard Shaw': 1, 'In politics, if you want anything said, ask a man; if you want anything done, ask a woman. -Margaret Thatcher': 2, "Money never made a man happy yet, nor will it. There is nothing in its nature to produce happiness. The more a man has, the more he wants. Instead of its filling a vacuum, it makes one. If it satisfies one want, it doubles and trebles that want another way. That was a true proverb of the wise man, rely upon it; ''Better is little with the fear of the Lord, than great treasure, and trouble therewith. -Benjamin Franklin": 2, "I just want to do God's will. -Martin Luther King Jr.": 1, "I had a dream the other night. I dreamed that Jimmy Carter came to me and asked why I wanted his job. I told him I didn't want his job. I want to be President. -Ronald Reagan": 2, "The only way to keep your health is to eat what you don't want, drink what you don't like, and do what you'd rather not. -Mark Twain": 1, 'The thought of being president frightens me. I do not think I want the job. -Ronald Reagan': 1, 'PRESIDENT, n. The leading figure in a small group of men of whom \x97 and of whom only \x97 it is positively known that immense numbers of their countrymen did not want any of them for President. -Ambrose Bierce': 1, "I like to say that I'm bisexual...when I want sex, I buy it. -Boy George": 1} 
punctuality {'Punctuality is the thief of time. -Oscar Wilde': 1} 
drive {"Don't let people drive you crazy when you know it's in walking distance. -Author Unknown": 1} 
keep {"I have a hobby...I have the world's largest collection of sea shells. I keep it scattered on beaches all over the world. Maybe you've seen some of it... -Steven Wright": 1, 'It is better to keep your mouth closed and let people think you are a fool than to open it and remove all doubt. -Mark Twain': 1, 'I will honor Christmas in my heart, and try to keep it all the year. -Charles Dickens': 1, 'If the primary aim of a captain were to preserve his ship, he would keep it in port forever. -Thomas Aquinas': 1, 'On account of being a democracy and run by the people, we are the only nation in the world that has to keep a government four years, no matter what it does. -Will Rogers': 1, 'No nation keeps its word. A nation is a big, blind worm, following what? Fate perhaps. A nation has no honor, it has no word to keep. -Carl Jung': 1, "Thus far, the reputed idiot Bush has graduated from Yale and Harvard, made a stack of cash in the oil industry, become the first consecutive-term governor of Texas, defeated a dual-term VP for the presidency, and led his party to [November 5th's] extraordinary triumphs. Let his opponents keep calling him stupid; if they do, within five years Bush will be King of England, the Pope, and world Formula One motor racing champion. -Tim Blair": 1, "The puritanism of Christianity has played havoc with the moderation that an enlightened and tolerant critical spirit would have produced. I've noticed that in whatever country, county, town, or other region there is a regulation enjoining temperance, the population seems to be entirely composed of teetotallers and drunkards. There's a Bible on that shelf there. But I keep it next to Voltaire - poison and antidote. -Bertrand Russell": 1, "The only way to keep your health is to eat what you don't want, drink what you don't like, and do what you'd rather not. -Mark Twain": 1, 'Four-fifths of all our troubles would disappear, if we would only sit down and keep still. -Calvin Coolidge': 1, 'Those who bring sunshine to the lives of others, cannot keep it from themselves. -James Matthew Barrie': 1} 
distorting {'Those who forget good and evil and seek only to know the facts are more likely to achieve good than those who view the world through the distorting medium of their own desires. -Bertrand Russell': 1} 
ceremony {'Wedding: a ceremony at which two persons undertake to become one, one undertakes to become nothing, and nothing undertakes to become supportable. -Ambrose Bierce': 1} 
aging {'The aging process has you firmly in its grasp if you never get the urge to throw a snowball. -Doug Larson': 1} 
end {'Wisdom begins at the end. -Daniel Webster': 1, 'To be what we are, and to become what we are capable of becoming, is the only end of life. -Robert Louis Stevenson': 1, 'It behooves every man to remember that the work of the critic is of altogether secondary importance, and that, in the end, progress is accomplished by the man who does things. -Theodore Roosevelt': 1, 'Men marry to make an end; women to make a beginning. -Alexis Dupuy': 1, 'I was angry with my friend I told my wrath, my wrath did end. I was angry with my foe: I told it not, my wrath did grow. -William Blake': 1, 'The magic of first love is our ignorance that it can never end. -Benjamin Disraeli': 1, 'Let us have faith that right makes might, and in that faith, let us, to the end, dare to do our duty as we understand it. -Abraham Lincoln': 1, 'I arrive at the end of this review having done my duty as a critic. I have described the movie accurately and you have a good idea what you are in for if you go to see it. Most of you will not. I cannot argue with you. Some of you will--the brave and the curious. You embody the spirit of the man who first wondered what it would taste like to eat an oyster. -Roger Ebert': 1, "Don't worry about the world coming to an end today. It's already tomorrow in Australia. -Charles Schulz": 1, 'I have never started a poem yet whose end I knew. Writing a poem is discovering. -Robert Frost': 1, "Of all tyrannies, a tyranny exercised for the good of its victims may be the most oppressive. It may be better to live under robber barons than under omnipotent moral busybodies. The robber baron's cruelty may sometimes sleep, his cupidity may at some point be satiated; but those who torment us for our own good will torment us without end, for they do so with the approval of their own conscience. -C.S. Lewis": 1, 'We ascribe beauty to that which is simple; which has no superfluous parts; which exactly answers its end; which stands related to all things; which is the mean of many extremes. -Ralph Waldo Emerson': 1, 'All enterprises that are entered into with indiscreet zeal may be pursued with great vigor at first, but are sure to collapse in the end. -Tacitus': 1} 
turn {"We all want progress, but if you're on the wrong road, progress means doing an about-turn and walking back to the right road; in that case, the man who turns back soonest is the most progressive. -C.S. Lewis": 1, 'Were it possible for us to wait for ourselves to come into the room, not many of us would find our hearts breaking into flower as we heard the door handle turn. -Rebecca West': 1, 'Rhis is to be asserted in general of men: that they are ungrateful, fickle, false, cowardly, covetous, and as long as you succeed, are yours entirely; they will offer you their blood, property, life, and children...when the need is far distant; but when it approaches, they will turn against you. -Nicolo Machiavelli': 1, 'It takes a long time to turn a big country around. -Bill Clinton': 1, 'He that fights and runs away, may turn and fight another day; but he that is in battle slain, will never rise to fight again. -Tacitus': 1, 'There is hardly a political question in the United States which does not sooner or later turn into a judicial one. -Alexis de Tocqueville': 1, "When you stop giving and offering something to the rest of the world, it's time to turn out the lights. -George Burns": 1, 'God does not give heed to the ambitiousness of our prayers, because he is always ready to give to us his light, not a visible light but an intellectual and spiritual one; but we are not always ready to receive it when we turn aside and down to other things out of a desire for temporal things. -Saint Augustine': 1, 'A few hours of mountain climbing turn a villain and a saint into two rather equal creature. Exhaustion is the shortest way to equality and fraternity, and liberty is added eventually by sleep. -Friedrich Nietzsche': 1, 'We turn not older with years, but newer every day. -Emily Dickinson': 1} 
travel {'Remember that happiness is a way of travel, not a destination. -Roy Goodman': 1} 
how {"How did it get so late so soon? It's night before it's afternoon. December is here before it's June. My goodness how the time has flewn. How did it get so late so soon? -Theodor Seuss Geisel": 3, 'Never discourage anyone who continually makes progress, no matter how slow. -Plato': 1, "It's not how much we give but how much love we put into giving. -Mother Teresa": 2, 'Success, the real success, does not depend upon the position you hold but upon how you carry yourself in that position. -Theodore Roosevelt': 1, "One thing they never tell you about child raising is that for the rest of your life, at the drop of a hat, you are expected to know your child's name and how old he or she is. -Erna Bombeck": 1, "Many of life's failures are people who did not realize how close they were to success when they gave up. -Thomas Edison": 1, 'All children are artists. The problem is how to remain an artist once he grows up. -Pablo Picasso': 1, 'How we spend our days is, of course, how we spend our lives. -Annie Dillard': 2, 'No matter how much cats fight, there always seem to be plenty of kittens. -Abraham Lincoln': 1, 'I do not believe one can settle how much we ought to give. I am afraid the only safe rule is to give more than we can spare. -C.S. Lewis': 1, 'If a man is proud of his wealth, he should not be praised until it is known how he employs it. -Socrates': 1, 'There is no question that there is an unseen world. The problem is, how far is it from midtown and how late is it open? -Woody Allen': 2, 'Christmas can be celebrated in the school room with pine trees, tinsel and reindeers, but there must be no mention of the man whose birthday is being celebrated. One wonders how a teacher would answer if a student asked why it was called Christmas. -Ronald Reagan': 1, "We've got to live. No matter how many skies have fallen. -D.H. Lawrence": 1, 'Our nettlesome task is to discover how to organize our strength into compelling power. -Martin Luther King Jr.': 1, 'True wisdom comes to each of us when we realize how little we understand about life, ourselves, and the world around us. -Socrates': 1, "It's not how old you are, it's how hard you work at it. -Jonah Barrington": 2, 'The ACLU is always yakking about the Constitution, and most of us are getting mighty tired of it. I mean, if the Constitution is so great, how come it was amended so many times? Huh? -Dave Barry': 1, "My role in society, or any artist's or poet's role, is to try and express what we all feel. Not to tell people how to feel. Not as a preacher, not as a leader, but as a reflection of us all. -John Lennon": 1, 'I have often wondered how it is that every man loves himself more than all the rest of men, but yet sets less value on his own opinion of himself than on the opinion of others. -Marcus Aurelius': 1, 'How did it happen that their lips came together? How does it happen that birds sing, that snow melts, that the rose unfolds, that the dawn whitens behind the stark shapes of trees on the quivering summit of the hill? A kiss, and all was said. -Victor Hugo': 2} 
stupidity {'The difference between genius and stupidity is that genius has its limits. -Albert Einstein': 1, 'Genius may have its limitations, but stupidity is not thus handicapped. -Elbert Hubbard': 1, 'I hate war as only a soldier who has lived it can, only as one who has seen its brutality, its futility, its stupidity. -Dwight Eisenhower': 1, 'Nothing in the world is more dangerous than sincere ignorance and conscientious stupidity. -Martin Luther King Jr.': 1} 
writers {"Advice to young writers who want to get ahead without annoying delays: don\x92t write about Man, write about 'a' man. -E.B. White": 1} 
significance {"To grasp the full significance of life is the actor's duty, to interpret it is his problem and to express it his dedication. -Marlon Brando": 1} 
answer {'Christmas can be celebrated in the school room with pine trees, tinsel and reindeers, but there must be no mention of the man whose birthday is being celebrated. One wonders how a teacher would answer if a student asked why it was called Christmas. -Ronald Reagan': 1, "If you're afraid to ask the question, it's probably because you already know the answer. -Miriam M. Wynn": 1, "When they call the roll in the Senate, the Senators do not know whether to answer 'Present' or 'Not guilty.' -Theodore Roosevelt": 1} 
puns {'Hanging is too good for a man who makes puns -- he should be drawn and quoted. -Fred Allen': 1} 
truthful {'A man is never more truthful than when he acknowledges himself a liar. -Mark Twain': 1} 
charging {"No matter what they're charging to get in, it's worth more to get out. -Roger Ebert": 1} 
eyeballs {"The only kind of seafood I trust is the fish stick, a totally featureless fish that doesn't have eyeballs or fins. -Dave Barry": 1} 
pig {'PRESIDENCY, n. The greased pig in the field game of American politics. -Ambrose Bierce': 1} 
minority {"I'm a middle age white guy, which means I'm constantly reminded that my particular group is responsible for the oppression of every known minority PLUS most wars PLUS government corruption PLUS pollution of the environment, not to mention that it was middle-age white guys who killed Bambi's mom. -Dave Barry": 1, 'In politics, an organized minority is a political majority. -Jesse Jackson': 1, "It does not require a majority to prevail, but rather an irate, tireless minority keen to set brush fires in people's minds. -Samuel Adams": 1} 
beauty {'To know what is impenetrable to us really exists, manifesting itself as the highest wisdom and the most radiant beauty...this knowledge, this feeling is at the center of true religiousness. -Albert Einstein': 1, "If Jack's in love, he's no judge of Jill's beauty. -Benjamin Franklin": 1, 'Being is desirable because it is identical with Beauty, and Beauty is loved because it is Being. We ourselves possess Beauty when we are true to our own being; ugliness is in going over to another order; knowing ourselves, we are beautiful; in self-ignorance, we are ugly. -Ambrose Bierce': 3, 'Beauty is ever to the lonely mind a shadow fleeting; she is never plain. She is a visitor who leaves behind the gift of grief, the souvenir of pain. -Christopher Morley': 1, "In every man's heart there is a secret nerve that answers to the vibrations of beauty. -Christopher Morley": 1, 'Money can help you to get medicines but not health. Money can help you to get soft pillows, but not sound sleep. Money can help you to get material comforts, but not eternal bliss. Money can help you to get ornaments, but not beauty. Money will help you to get an electric earphone, but not natural hearing. Attain the supreme wealth, wisdom, and you will have everything. -Benjamin Franklin': 1, 'We ascribe beauty to that which is simple; which has no superfluous parts; which exactly answers its end; which stands related to all things; which is the mean of many extremes. -Ralph Waldo Emerson': 1, 'Beauty is all very well at first sight; but whoever looks at it when it has been in the house three days? -George Bernard Shaw': 1, 'Since love grows within you, so beauty grows. For love is the beauty of the soul. -Saint Augustine': 2} 
after {'Nobody expects to trust his body overmuch after the age of fifty. -Alexander Hamilton': 1, 'We do survive every moment, after all, except the last one. -John Updike': 1, 'Life is just one damned thing after another. -Elbert Hubbard': 1, 'Reason is experimental intelligence, conceived after the pattern of science, and used in the creation of social arts; it has something to do. It liberates man from the bondage of the past, due to ignorance and accident hardened into custom. It projects a better future and assists man in its realization. -John Dewey': 1, "It is a good idea to ''shop around'' before you settle on a doctor. Ask about the condition of his Mercedes. Ask about the competence of his mechanic. Don't be shy! After all, you're paying for it. -Dave Barry": 1, "We all wish to be judged by our peers, by the men 'after our own heart.' Only they really know our mind and only they judge it by standards we fully acknowledge. Theirs is the praise we really covet and the blame we really dread. The little pockets of early Chrstians survived because they cared exclusively for the love of 'the bretheren' and stopped their ears to the opinion of the Pagan society around them. But a circle of criminals, cranks, or perverts survives in just the same way; by becoming deaf to the opinion of the outer world, by discounting it as the chatter of outsiders who 'don't understand,' of the 'conventional,' the 'bourgeois,' the 'Establishment,' of prigs, prudes, and humbugs. -C.S. Lewis": 1, 'After silence, that which comes nearest to expressing the inexpressible is Music. -Aldous Huxley': 1, 'This does not mean that the enemy is to be allowed to escape. The object is to make him believe that there is a road to safety, and thus prevent his fighting with the courage of despair. After that, you may crush him. -Sun Tzu': 1, 'That is the true season of love, when we believe that we alone can love, that no one could ever have loved so before us, and that no one will love in the same way after us. -Johann Wolfgang von Goethe': 1, "Remember, if you smoke after sex you're doing it too fast. -Woody Allen": 1} 
delicacy {'Such is the delicacy of man alone, that no object is produced to his liking. He finds that in everything there is need for improvement. The whole industry of human life is employed not in procuring the supply of our three humble necessities, food, clothes and lodging, but in procuring the conveniences of it according to the nicety and delicacy of our tastes. -Adam Smith': 2} 
imaginable {'Egalitarians create the most dangerous inequality of all -- inequality of power. Allowing politicians to determine what all other human beings will be allowed to earn is one of the most reckless gambles imaginable. Like the income tax, it may start off being applied only to the rich but it will inevitably reach us all. -Thomas Sowell': 1} 
customs {'The customs and fashions of men change like leaves on the bough, some of which go and others come. -Dante Alighieri': 1} 
millimeter {'Thus the metric system did not really catch on in the States, unless you count the increasing popularity of the nine-millimeter bullet. -Dave Barry': 1} 
hence {'Humility is the foundation of all the other virtues hence, in the soul in which this virtue does not exist there cannot be any other virtue except in mere appearance. -Saint Augustine': 1} 
wrong {"We all want progress, but if you're on the wrong road, progress means doing an about-turn and walking back to the right road; in that case, the man who turns back soonest is the most progressive. -C.S. Lewis": 1, 'Humanity is acquiring all the right technology for all the wrong reasons. -Buckminster Fuller': 1, 'Remember not only to say the right thing in the right place, but far more difficult still, to leave unsaid the wrong thing at the tempting moment. -Benjamin Franklin': 1, "Nothing is wrong with Southern California that a rise in the ocean level wouldn't cure. -Kenneth Millar": 1, 'The greatness of our country has been based on our thinking that everyone has a right even to be wrong. -Ronald Reagan': 1} 
curiosity {"I think, at a child's birth, if a mother could ask a fairy godmother to endow it with the most useful gift, that gift should be curiosity. -Eleanor Roosevelt": 1} 
outbursts {'Patriotism is not short, frenzied outbursts of emotion, but the tranquil and steady dedication of a lifetime. -Adlai Stevenson': 1} 
president {"I think a good gift for the president would be a chocolate revolver. And since he's so busy, you'd probably have to run up to him and hand it to him. -Jack Handey": 1, 'Under the doctrine of the separation of powers, the manner in which the president personally exercises his assigned executive powers is not subject to questioning by another branch of government. -Richard Nixon': 1, 'No easy problem ever comes to the President of the United States. If they are easy to solve, somebody else has solved them. -John F. Kennedy': 1, 'The president cannot escape from his office. -Dwight Eisenhower': 1, "I had a dream the other night. I dreamed that Jimmy Carter came to me and asked why I wanted his job. I told him I didn't want his job. I want to be President. -Ronald Reagan": 1, "Mothers all want their sons to grow up to be president, but they don't want them to become politicians in the process. -John F. Kennedy": 1, "Being president is like being a jackass in a hailstorm. There's nothing to do but stand there and take it. -Lyndon B. Johnson": 1, "Democracy means that anyone can grow up to be president, and anyone who doesn't grow up can be vice president. -Johnny Carson": 2, 'The thought of being president frightens me. I do not think I want the job. -Ronald Reagan': 1, 'PRESIDENT, n. The leading figure in a small group of men of whom \x97 and of whom only \x97 it is positively known that immense numbers of their countrymen did not want any of them for President. -Ambrose Bierce': 2} 
law {'You find out more about God from the Moral Law than from the univerise in general just as you find out more about a man by listening to his conversation than by looking at a house he has built. -C.S. Lewis': 1, 'When you have the facts on your side, argue the facts. When you have the law on your side, argue the law. When you have neither, holler. -Al Gore': 2} 
complacent {'In any fairly large and talkative community such as a university there is always the danger that those who think alike should gravitate together where they will henceforth encounter opposition only in the emasculated form of rumour that the outsiders say thus and thus. The absent are easily refuted, complacent dogmatism thrives, and differences of opinion are embittered by the group hostility. Each group hears not the best, but the worst, that the other group can say. -C.S. Lewis': 1} 
splendid {'Life is no brief candle to me. It is a sort of splendid torch which I have got a hold of for the moment, and I want to make it burn as brightly as possible before handing it onto future generations. -George Bernard Shaw': 1} 
occasions {"I have come to the conclusion that my subjective account of my motivation is largely mythical on almost all occasions. I don't know why I do things. -J.B.S. Haldane": 1} 
wins {'A Native American elder once described his own inner struggles in this manner: Inside of me there are two dogs. One of the dogs is mean and evil. The other dog is good. The mean dog fights the good dog all the time. When asked which dog wins, he reflected. -George Bernard Shaw': 1} 
grant {'Without question, the greatest invention in the history of mankind is beer. Oh, I grant you that the wheel was also a fine invention, but the wheel does not go nearly as well with pizza. -Dave Barry': 1} 
acknowledged {"Unless the religious claims of the Bible are again acknowledged, its literary claims will, I think, be given only 'mouth honour' and that decreasingly. -C.S. Lewis": 1} 
think {"To me, clowns aren't funny. In fact, they're kinda scary. I've wondered where this started, and I think it goes back to the time I went to the circus and a clown killed my dad. -Jack Handey": 1, 'If you start to think about your physical or moral condition, you usually find that you are sick. -Johann Wolfgang von Goethe': 1, 'Everything is simpler than you think and at the same time more complex than you imagine. -Johann Wolfgang von Goethe': 1, 'I think the best possible social program is a job. -Ronald Reagan': 1, 'Few people think more than two or three times a year. I have made an international reputation for myself by thinking once or twice a week. -George Bernard Shaw': 1, 'To think is to differ. -Clarence Darrow': 1, 'Just think of the tragedy of teaching children not to doubt. -Clarence Darrow': 1, "Unless the religious claims of the Bible are again acknowledged, its literary claims will, I think, be given only 'mouth honour' and that decreasingly. -C.S. Lewis": 1, 'The thought of being president frightens me. I do not think I want the job. -Ronald Reagan': 1, 'The fool doth think he is wise, but the wise man knows himself to be a fool. -William Shakespeare': 1, 'In any fairly large and talkative community such as a university there is always the danger that those who think alike should gravitate together where they will henceforth encounter opposition only in the emasculated form of rumour that the outsiders say thus and thus. The absent are easily refuted, complacent dogmatism thrives, and differences of opinion are embittered by the group hostility. Each group hears not the best, but the worst, that the other group can say. -C.S. Lewis': 1, 'He who learns but does not think, is lost! He who thinks but does not learn is in great danger. -Confucius': 1, "We seem to be going through a period of nostalgia, and everyone seems to think yesterday was better than today. I don't think it was, and I would advise you not to wait ten years before admitting today was great. If you're hung up on nostalgia, pretend today is yesterday and just go out and have one hell of a time. -Art Buchwald": 2, 'Men show their characters in nothing more clearly than in what they think laughable. -Johann Wolfgang von Goethe': 1, 'It is a grand mistake to think of being great without goodness and I pronounce it as certain that there was never a truly great man that was not at the same time truly virtuous. -Benjamin Franklin': 1, "Don't join the book burners. Do not think you are going to conceal thoughts by concealing evidence that they ever existed. -Dwight Eisenhower": 1, "The statistics on sanity are that one out of every four Americans are suffering from some form of mental illness. Think of your three best friends. If they're okay, then it's you. -Rita Mae Brown": 1, "I think, at a child's birth, if a mother could ask a fairy godmother to endow it with the most useful gift, that gift should be curiosity. -Eleanor Roosevelt": 1, "The nice thing about being a celebrity is that, if you bore people, they think it's their fault. -Henry Kissinger": 1, "I think a good gift for the president would be a chocolate revolver. And since he's so busy, you'd probably have to run up to him and hand it to him. -Jack Handey": 1, 'It is better to keep your mouth closed and let people think you are a fool than to open it and remove all doubt. -Mark Twain': 1, 'I think and think for months and years, ninety-nine times, the conclusion is false. The hundredth time I am right. -Albert Einstein': 2, 'I honestly think it is better to be a failure at something you love than to be a success at something you hate. -George Burns': 1, 'I always cheer up immensely if an attack is particularly wounding because I think, well, if they attack one personally, it means they have not a single political argument left. -Margaret Thatcher': 1, "I think computer viruses should count as life. I think it says something about human nature that the only form of life we have created so far is purely destructive. We've created life in our own image. -Stephen Hawking": 2, "I think it's the duty of the comedian to find out where the line is drawn and cross it deliberately. -George Carlin": 1} 
consolations {'Nobody can have the consolations of religion or philosophy unless he has first experienced their desolations. -Aldous Huxley': 1} 
boy george {"I like to say that I'm bisexual...when I want sex, I buy it. -Boy George": 1} 
haste {'Errors of haste are seldom committed singly. The first time a man always does too much. And precisely on that account he commits a second error, and then he does too little. -Friedrich Nietzsche': 1} 
ultimate {'Simplicity is the ultimate sophistication. -Leonardo da Vinci': 1, 'It is your work in life that is the ultimate seduction. -Pablo Picasso': 1, 'In the Orthodox spiritual tradition, the ultimate moral question we ask is the following: Is what we are doing, is what I am doing, beautiful or not? -Carolyn Gifford': 1} 
charlemagne {'Alexander, Caesar, Charlemagne, and myself founded empires; but what foundation did we rest the creations of our genius? Upon force. Jesus Christ founded an empire upon love; and at this hour millions of men would die for Him. -Napoleon Bonaparte': 1} 
keeps {'No nation keeps its word. A nation is a big, blind worm, following what? Fate perhaps. A nation has no honor, it has no word to keep. -Carl Jung': 1, 'Just as your hand, held before the eye, can hide the tallest mountain, so this small earthly life keeps us from seeing the vast radiance that fills the core of the universe. -Nachman of Bratslav': 1} 
diary {'Painting is just another way of keeping a diary. -Pablo Picasso': 1} 
acknowledges {'A man is never more truthful than when he acknowledges himself a liar. -Mark Twain': 1} 
order {'I am a writer of books in retrospect. I talk in order to understand; I teach in order to learn. -Robert Frost': 2, 'Being is desirable because it is identical with Beauty, and Beauty is loved because it is Being. We ourselves possess Beauty when we are true to our own being; ugliness is in going over to another order; knowing ourselves, we are beautiful; in self-ignorance, we are ugly. -Ambrose Bierce': 1, 'The act of policing is, in order to punish less often, to punish more severely. -Napoleon Bonaparte': 1, 'In all chaos there is a cosmos, in all disorder a secret order. -Carl Jung': 1, 'If the United Nations once admits that international disputes can be settled by using force, then we will have destroyed the foundation of the organization and our best hope of establishing a world order. -Dwight Eisenhower': 1} 
turns {"We all want progress, but if you're on the wrong road, progress means doing an about-turn and walking back to the right road; in that case, the man who turns back soonest is the most progressive. -C.S. Lewis": 1} 
blind {'No nation keeps its word. A nation is a big, blind worm, following what? Fate perhaps. A nation has no honor, it has no word to keep. -Carl Jung': 1, 'Science without religion is lame, religion without science is blind. -Albert Einstein': 1, "A mathematician is a blind man in a dark room looking for a black cat which isn't there. -Charles Robert": 1, 'Question with boldness even the existence of a God; because, if there be one, he must more approve of the homage of reason, than that of blind-folded fear. -Thomas Jefferson': 1} 
modesty {'Perfect humility dispenses with modesty. -C.S. Lewis': 1} 
unfolds {'How did it happen that their lips came together? How does it happen that birds sing, that snow melts, that the rose unfolds, that the dawn whitens behind the stark shapes of trees on the quivering summit of the hill? A kiss, and all was said. -Victor Hugo': 1} 
office {"What I don't like about office Christmas parties is looking for a job the next day. -Phyllis Diller": 1, 'The president cannot escape from his office. -Dwight Eisenhower': 1, "I've worked for four presidents and watched two others up close, and I know that there's no such thing as a routine day in the Oval Office. -Dick Cheney": 1, 'When I took office, only high energy physicists had ever heard of what is called the Worldwide Web....now even my cat has its own page. -Bill Clinton': 1, "When we got into office, the thing that surprised me the most was that things were as bad as we'd been saying they were. -John F. Kennedy": 1, 'He therefore is the truest friend to the liberty of this country who tries most to promote its virtue, and who, so far as his power and influence extend, will not suffer a man to be chosen into any office of power and trust who is not a wise and virtuous man. -Samuel Adams': 1} 
george bernard shaw {'If you have an apple and I have an apple and we exchange these apples then you and I will still each have one apple. But if you have an idea and I have an idea and we exchange these ideas, then each of us will have two ideas. -George Bernard Shaw': 1, 'It is most unwise for people in love to marry. -George Bernard Shaw': 1, 'Life does not cease to be funny when people die any more than it ceases to be serious when people laugh. -George Bernard Shaw': 1, 'Few people think more than two or three times a year. I have made an international reputation for myself by thinking once or twice a week. -George Bernard Shaw': 1, 'Success does not consist in never making mistakes but in never making the same one a second time. -George Bernard Shaw': 1, "It is necessary for the welfare of society that genius should be privileged to utter sedition, to blaspheme, to outrage good taste, to corrupt the youthful mind, and generally to scandalize one's uncles. -George Bernard Shaw": 1, 'A government which robs Peter to pay Paul can always depend on the support of Paul. -George Bernard Shaw': 1, 'Life is no brief candle to me. It is a sort of splendid torch which I have got a hold of for the moment, and I want to make it burn as brightly as possible before handing it onto future generations. -George Bernard Shaw': 1, 'A Native American elder once described his own inner struggles in this manner: Inside of me there are two dogs. One of the dogs is mean and evil. The other dog is good. The mean dog fights the good dog all the time. When asked which dog wins, he reflected. -George Bernard Shaw': 1, 'Beauty is all very well at first sight; but whoever looks at it when it has been in the house three days? -George Bernard Shaw': 1, 'The power of accurate observation is commonly called cynicism by those who have not got it. -George Bernard Shaw': 1} 
over {"You do not lead by hitting people over the head \x97 that's assault, not leadership. -Dwight Eisenhower": 1, 'In framing a government which is to be administered by men over men the great difficulty lies in this: You must first enable the government to control the governed, and in the next place, oblige it to control itself. -Alexander Hamilton': 1, 'The mystic chords of memory, stretching from every battlefield and patriot grave to every living heart and hearthstone all over this broad land, will yet swell the chorus of the Union, when again touched, as surely they will be, by the better angels of our nature. -Abraham Lincoln': 1, "It ain't over till it's over. -Yogi Berra": 2, "I have a hobby...I have the world's largest collection of sea shells. I keep it scattered on beaches all over the world. Maybe you've seen some of it... -Steven Wright": 1, 'Being is desirable because it is identical with Beauty, and Beauty is loved because it is Being. We ourselves possess Beauty when we are true to our own being; ugliness is in going over to another order; knowing ourselves, we are beautiful; in self-ignorance, we are ugly. -Ambrose Bierce': 1, "The days of looking the other way while despotic regimes trample human rights, rob their nations' wealth, and then excuse their failings by feeding their people a steady diet of anti-Western hatred are over. -Dick Cheney": 1, 'Love is the triumph of imagination over intelligence. -Henry Mencken': 1, 'We have it in our power to begin the world over again. -Thomas Paine': 1, 'The MPAA rates this PG-13. It is too vulgar for anyone under 13, and too dumb for anyone over 13. -Roger Ebert': 1, 'Nothing gives one person so much advantage over another as to remain always cool and unruffled under all circumstances. -Thomas Jefferson': 1, 'Avoid the base hypocrisy of condemning in one man what you pass over in silence when committed by another. -Theodore Roosevelt': 1, 'The man who does not read good books has no advantage over the man who cannot read them. -Mark Twain': 1, 'Get mad, then get over it. -Colin Powell': 1} 
fall {'The fruit that can fall without shaking, indeed is too mellow for me. -Lady Mary Wortley Montagu': 1} 
expects {'Nobody expects to trust his body overmuch after the age of fifty. -Alexander Hamilton': 1} 
alexander pope {'Do good by stealth, and blush to find it fame. -Alexander Pope': 1} 
toads {'Poetry is the art of creating imaginary gardens with real toads. -Marianne Moore': 1} 
harry truman {"If you can't convince them, confuse them. -Harry Truman": 1} 
dwelling {'Friendship is a single soul dwelling in two bodies. -Aristotle': 1} 
satisfies {"Money never made a man happy yet, nor will it. There is nothing in its nature to produce happiness. The more a man has, the more he wants. Instead of its filling a vacuum, it makes one. If it satisfies one want, it doubles and trebles that want another way. That was a true proverb of the wise man, rely upon it; ''Better is little with the fear of the Lord, than great treasure, and trouble therewith. -Benjamin Franklin": 1} 
intoxicated {'Intoxicated with unbroken success, we have become too self-sufficient to feel the necessity of redeeming and preserving grace, too proud to pray to the God that made us. -Abraham Lincoln': 1} 
talkative {'In any fairly large and talkative community such as a university there is always the danger that those who think alike should gravitate together where they will henceforth encounter opposition only in the emasculated form of rumour that the outsiders say thus and thus. The absent are easily refuted, complacent dogmatism thrives, and differences of opinion are embittered by the group hostility. Each group hears not the best, but the worst, that the other group can say. -C.S. Lewis': 1} 
digest {'A brain has to digest its food, too. -Jason Mechalek': 1} 
before {"How did it get so late so soon? It's night before it's afternoon. December is here before it's June. My goodness how the time has flewn. How did it get so late so soon? -Theodor Seuss Geisel": 2, 'I almost had a pyschic girlfriend, but she left me before we met. -Steven Wright': 1, 'If you see ten troubles coming down the road, you can be sure that nine will run into the ditch before they reach you. -Calvin Coolidge': 1, "We seem to be going through a period of nostalgia, and everyone seems to think yesterday was better than today. I don't think it was, and I would advise you not to wait ten years before admitting today was great. If you're hung up on nostalgia, pretend today is yesterday and just go out and have one hell of a time. -Art Buchwald": 1, 'Just as your hand, held before the eye, can hide the tallest mountain, so this small earthly life keeps us from seeing the vast radiance that fills the core of the universe. -Nachman of Bratslav': 1, 'Worry is interest paid on trouble before it falls due. -W. R. Inge': 1, "It is a good idea to ''shop around'' before you settle on a doctor. Ask about the condition of his Mercedes. Ask about the competence of his mechanic. Don't be shy! After all, you're paying for it. -Dave Barry": 1, 'Life is no brief candle to me. It is a sort of splendid torch which I have got a hold of for the moment, and I want to make it burn as brightly as possible before handing it onto future generations. -George Bernard Shaw': 1, 'Before reciting his prayers, a man should give to charity. -Nachman of Bratslav': 1, 'When angry, count ten before you speak; if very angry, a hundred. -Thomas Jefferson': 1, 'When nothing seems to help, I go and look at a stonecutter hammering away at his rock perhaps a hundred times without as much as a crack showing in it. Yet at the hundred and first blow it will split in two, and I know it was not that blow that did it, but all that had gone before. -Jacob August Riis': 1, 'Cowards die many times before their deaths. The valiant never taste of death but once. -William Shakespeare': 1, 'Nothing before had ever made me thoroughly realise, though I had read various scientific books, that science consists in grouping facts so that general laws or conclusions may be drawn from them. -Charles Darwin': 1, 'That is the true season of love, when we believe that we alone can love, that no one could ever have loved so before us, and that no one will love in the same way after us. -Johann Wolfgang von Goethe': 1} 
bruce barton {"When you're through changing, you're through. -Bruce Barton": 1} 
hypocrisy {'Avoid the base hypocrisy of condemning in one man what you pass over in silence when committed by another. -Theodore Roosevelt': 1} 
somewhere {'Art, like morality, consists in drawing the line somewhere. -GK Chesterton': 1, 'Every exit is an entry somewhere. -Tom Stoppard': 1} 
trying {'Nature is trying very hard to make us succeed, but nature does not depend on us. We are not the only experiment. -Buckminster Fuller': 1, 'Sex at age ninety is like trying to shoot pool with a rope. -George Burns': 1} 
horizontal {'Religion operates not only on the vertical plane but also on the horizontal. It seeks not only to integrate men with God but to integrate men with men and each man with himself. -Martin Luther King Jr.': 1} 
writing {'There are three rules for writing a novel. Unfortunately, no one knows what they are. -W. Somerset Maugham': 1, 'I love writing. I love the swirl and swing of words as they tangle with human emotions. -James Michener': 1, 'Either write something worth reading or do something worth writing. -Benjamin Franklin': 1, 'I have never started a poem yet whose end I knew. Writing a poem is discovering. -Robert Frost': 1} 
better {'It is better to keep your mouth closed and let people think you are a fool than to open it and remove all doubt. -Mark Twain': 1, 'The hour of departure has arrived, and we go our ways - I to die, and you to live. Which is better God only knows. -Plato': 1, 'The mystic chords of memory, stretching from every battlefield and patriot grave to every living heart and hearthstone all over this broad land, will yet swell the chorus of the Union, when again touched, as surely they will be, by the better angels of our nature. -Abraham Lincoln': 1, "We seem to be going through a period of nostalgia, and everyone seems to think yesterday was better than today. I don't think it was, and I would advise you not to wait ten years before admitting today was great. If you're hung up on nostalgia, pretend today is yesterday and just go out and have one hell of a time. -Art Buchwald": 1, 'Freedom is nothing else but a chance to be better. -Albert Camus': 1, 'Reason is experimental intelligence, conceived after the pattern of science, and used in the creation of social arts; it has something to do. It liberates man from the bondage of the past, due to ignorance and accident hardened into custom. It projects a better future and assists man in its realization. -John Dewey': 1, 'All men are timid on entering any fight. Whether it is the first or the last fight, all of us are timid. Cowards are those who let their timidity get the better of their manhood. -George Patton': 1, 'It is better to be bold than too circumspect, because fortune is of a sex which likes not a tardy wooer and repulses all who are not ardent. -Nicolo Machiavelli': 1, "Associate yourself with men of good quality if you esteem your own reputation; for 'tis better to be alone than in bad company. -George Washington": 1, "When this girl at the museum asked me who I liked better, Monet or Manet, I said, 'I like mayonnaise.' She just stared at me, so I said it again, louder. Then she left. I guess she went to try to find some mayonnaise for me. -Jack Handey": 1, 'I honestly think it is better to be a failure at something you love than to be a success at something you hate. -George Burns': 1, "Money never made a man happy yet, nor will it. There is nothing in its nature to produce happiness. The more a man has, the more he wants. Instead of its filling a vacuum, it makes one. If it satisfies one want, it doubles and trebles that want another way. That was a true proverb of the wise man, rely upon it; ''Better is little with the fear of the Lord, than great treasure, and trouble therewith. -Benjamin Franklin": 1, 'If you will not fight for the right when you can easily win without bloodshed; if you will not fight when your victory will be sure and not too costly; you may come to the moment when you will have to fight with all the odds against you and only a small chance of survival. There may even be a worse case: you may have to fight when there is no hope of victory, because it is better to perish than to live as slaves. -Winston Churchill': 1, "Of all tyrannies, a tyranny exercised for the good of its victims may be the most oppressive. It may be better to live under robber barons than under omnipotent moral busybodies. The robber baron's cruelty may sometimes sleep, his cupidity may at some point be satiated; but those who torment us for our own good will torment us without end, for they do so with the approval of their own conscience. -C.S. Lewis": 1} 
compelling {'Our nettlesome task is to discover how to organize our strength into compelling power. -Martin Luther King Jr.': 1} 
encounter {'In any fairly large and talkative community such as a university there is always the danger that those who think alike should gravitate together where they will henceforth encounter opposition only in the emasculated form of rumour that the outsiders say thus and thus. The absent are easily refuted, complacent dogmatism thrives, and differences of opinion are embittered by the group hostility. Each group hears not the best, but the worst, that the other group can say. -C.S. Lewis': 1} 
chapel {"Speeches are for the younger men who are going places. And I'm not going anyplace except six feet under the floor of that little chapel adjoining the museum and library at Abilene. -Dwight Eisenhower": 1} 
admirable {'Education is an admirable thing, but it is well to remember from time to time that nothing that is worth knowing can be taught. -Oscar Wilde': 1} 
easier {'Feminism was established to allow unattractive women easier access to the mainstream. -Rush Limbaugh': 1} 
overcome {'What is happiness? The feeling that power is growing, that resistance is overcome. -Friedrich Nietzsche': 1, 'For me, survival is the ability to cope with difficulties, with circumstances, and to overcome them. -Nelson Mandela': 1} 
then {'If you have an apple and I have an apple and we exchange these apples then you and I will still each have one apple. But if you have an idea and I have an idea and we exchange these ideas, then each of us will have two ideas. -George Bernard Shaw': 2, "If your kid makes one of those little homemade guitars out of a cigar box and rubber bands, don't let him just play it once or twice and then throw it away. Make him practice on it, every day, for about three hours a day. Later, he'll thank you. -Jack Handey": 1, 'Against criticism a man can neither protest nor defend himself; he must act in spite of it, and then it will gradually yield to him. -Johann Wolfgang von Goethe': 1, 'Being born is like being kidnapped. And then sold into slavery. -Andy Warhol': 1, 'Cooking was invented in prehistoric times, when a primitive tribe had a lucky accident. The tribe had killed an animal and was going to eat it raw, when a tribe member named Woog tripped and dropped it into the fire. At first the other tribe members were angry at Woog, but then, as the aroma of burning meat filled the air, they had an idea. So they ate Woog raw. -Dave Barry': 1, "When this girl at the museum asked me who I liked better, Monet or Manet, I said, 'I like mayonnaise.' She just stared at me, so I said it again, louder. Then she left. I guess she went to try to find some mayonnaise for me. -Jack Handey": 1, "There are people who put their dreams in a little box and say, Yes, I've got dreams, of course I've got dreams. Then they put the box away and bring it out once in awhile to look in it, and yep, they're still there. -Erna Bombeck": 1, "The statistics on sanity are that one out of every four Americans are suffering from some form of mental illness. Think of your three best friends. If they're okay, then it's you. -Rita Mae Brown": 1, "When I see a play and understand it the first time, then I know it can't be much good. -T.S. Eliot": 1, "The days of looking the other way while despotic regimes trample human rights, rob their nations' wealth, and then excuse their failings by feeding their people a steady diet of anti-Western hatred are over. -Dick Cheney": 1, 'I never knew what real happiness was until I got married, and by then it was too late. -Max Kaufman': 1, 'If the United Nations once admits that international disputes can be settled by using force, then we will have destroyed the foundation of the organization and our best hope of establishing a world order. -Dwight Eisenhower': 1, 'Get mad, then get over it. -Colin Powell': 1, 'Errors of haste are seldom committed singly. The first time a man always does too much. And precisely on that account he commits a second error, and then he does too little. -Friedrich Nietzsche': 1} 
them {'Not only does God play dice, but he sometimes throws them where they cannot be seen. -Stephen Hawking': 1, "Science is not about building a body of known 'facts'. It is a method for asking awkward questions and subjecting them to a reality-check, thus avoiding the human tendency to believe whatever makes us feel good. -Terry Pratchett": 1, 'No easy problem ever comes to the President of the United States. If they are easy to solve, somebody else has solved them. -John F. Kennedy': 1, 'All men are frauds. The only difference between them is that some admit it. I myself deny it. -Henry Mencken': 1, 'The man who does not read good books has no advantage over the man who cannot read them. -Mark Twain': 1, 'Why, you can take the most gallant sailor, the most intrepid airman or the most audacious soldier, put them at a table together - what do you get? The sum of their fears. -Winston Churchill': 1, 'I have gathered a posie of other men\x92s flowers, and nothing but the thread that binds them is mine own. -John Bartlett': 1, 'People have a way of becoming what you encourage them to be, not what you nag them to be. -Author Unknown': 2, 'For me, survival is the ability to cope with difficulties, with circumstances, and to overcome them. -Nelson Mandela': 1, "If you can't convince them, confuse them. -Harry Truman": 2, 'Have children while your parents are still young enough to take care of them. -Rita Rudner': 1, 'Of course the people dont want war...that is understood. But voice or no voice, the people can always be brought to the bidding of the leaders. That is easy. All you have to do is tell them they are being attacked, and denounce the pacifists for lack of patriotism and exposing the country to danger. It works the same in any country. -Hermann Goering': 1, "We all wish to be judged by our peers, by the men 'after our own heart.' Only they really know our mind and only they judge it by standards we fully acknowledge. Theirs is the praise we really covet and the blame we really dread. The little pockets of early Chrstians survived because they cared exclusively for the love of 'the bretheren' and stopped their ears to the opinion of the Pagan society around them. But a circle of criminals, cranks, or perverts survives in just the same way; by becoming deaf to the opinion of the outer world, by discounting it as the chatter of outsiders who 'don't understand,' of the 'conventional,' the 'bourgeois,' the 'Establishment,' of prigs, prudes, and humbugs. -C.S. Lewis": 1, 'For each illness that doctors cure with medicine, they provoke ten in healthy people by inoculating them with the virus that is a thousand times more powerful than any microbe: the idea that one is ill. -Marcel Proust': 1, 'Men have always been afraid that women could get along without them. -Margaret Mead': 1, 'PRESIDENT, n. The leading figure in a small group of men of whom \x97 and of whom only \x97 it is positively known that immense numbers of their countrymen did not want any of them for President. -Ambrose Bierce': 1, 'If people don\x92t come to the games, you can\x92t stop them. -Yogi Berra': 1, 'There are very few monsters who warrant the fear we have of them. -Andr\xe9 Gide': 1, 'Sin has many tools, but a lie is the handle which fits them all. -Edmund Burke': 1, 'Even if there is only one possible unified theory, it is just a set of rules and equations. What is it that breathes fire into the equations and makes a universe for them to describe? -Stephen Hawking': 1, 'If you judge people, you have no time to love them. -Mother Teresa': 1, "Mothers all want their sons to grow up to be president, but they don't want them to become politicians in the process. -John F. Kennedy": 1, 'It is one of the blessings of old friends that you can afford to be stupid with them. -Ralph Waldo Emerson': 1, 'Christ died for men precisely because men are not worth dying for; to make them worth it. -C.S. Lewis': 1, 'The significant problems we face cannot be solved at the same level of thinking we were at when we created them. -Albert Einstein': 1, 'Nothing before had ever made me thoroughly realise, though I had read various scientific books, that science consists in grouping facts so that general laws or conclusions may be drawn from them. -Charles Darwin': 1} 
confuse {'Never confuse the size of your paycheck with the size of your talent. -Marlon Brando': 1, "I don't work according to nature, but infront and together with it. An artist must observe the nature, but never confuse it with the art. -Pablo Picasso": 1, "If you can't convince them, confuse them. -Harry Truman": 1} 
thee {"Forgive, O Lord, my little jokes on Thee, and I'll forgive Thy great big joke on me. -Robert Frost": 1} 
safe {'Remember when safe sex meant not getting caught? -Author Unknown': 1, 'I do not believe one can settle how much we ought to give. I am afraid the only safe rule is to give more than we can spare. -C.S. Lewis': 1, 'A free society is one where it is safe to be unpopular. -Adlai Stevenson': 1, 'Love anything and your heart will be wrung and possibly broken. If you want to make sure of keeping it intact you must give it to no one, not even an animal. Wrap it carefully round with hobbies and little luxuries; avoid all entanglements. Lock it up safe in the casket or coffin of your selfishness. But in that casket, safe, dark, motionless, airless, it will change. It will not be broken; it will become unbreakable, impenetrable, irredeemable. To love is to be vulnerable. -C.S. Lewis': 2} 
we'll {"What is it that makes a complete stranger dive into an icy river to save a solid-gold baby? Maybe we'll never know. -Jack Handey": 1} 
break {'There is only one force of history that can break the reign of hatred and resentment, and expose the pretensions of tyrants, and reward the hopes of the decent and tolerant, and that is the force of human freedom. -George W. Bush': 1} 
they {'Facts do not cease to exist because they are ignored. -Aldous Huxley': 1, 'I love deadlines. I especially like the whooshing sound they make as they go flying by. -Douglas Adams': 2, 'It is the dissimilarities and inequalities among men which give rise to the notion of honor; as such differences become less, it grows feeble; and when they disappear, it will vanish too. -Alexis de Tocqueville': 1, 'As Mankind becomes more liberal, they will be more apt to allow that all those who conduct themselves as worthy members of the community are equally entitled to the protections of civil government. I hope ever to see America among the foremost nations of justice and liberality. -George Washington': 1, 'Freedom is not something that anybody can be given; freedom is something people take and people are as free as they want to be. -James Baldwin': 1, 'No easy problem ever comes to the President of the United States. If they are easy to solve, somebody else has solved them. -John F. Kennedy': 1, 'It is very easy to tell the difference between man-made and God-made objects. The more you magnify man-made objects, the cruder they look, but the more you magnify God-made objects, the more precise and intricate they appear. -Luther Sutherland': 2, 'Back in the old days, most families were close-knit. Grown children and their parents continued to live together, under the same roof, sometimes in the same small, crowded room, year in and year out, until they died, frequently by strangulation. -Dave Barry': 1, 'Rhis is to be asserted in general of men: that they are ungrateful, fickle, false, cowardly, covetous, and as long as you succeed, are yours entirely; they will offer you their blood, property, life, and children...when the need is far distant; but when it approaches, they will turn against you. -Nicolo Machiavelli': 3, 'I love writing. I love the swirl and swing of words as they tangle with human emotions. -James Michener': 1, 'Men are born ignorant, not stupid; they are made stupid by education. -Bertrand Russell': 1, 'Those who believe they are exclusively in the right are generally those who achieve something. -Aldous Huxley': 1, 'Democratic nations must try to find ways to starve the terrorist and the hijacker of the oxygen of publicity on which they depend. -Margaret Thatcher': 1, 'That the innocent, though they may have some connexion or dependency upon the guilty (which, perhaps, they themselves cannot help), should not, upon that account, suffer or be punished for the guilty, is one of the plainest and most obvious rules of justice. -Adam Smith': 2, 'Children always understand. They have open minds. They have built-in shit detectors. -Madonna Ciccone': 2, "One thing they never tell you about child raising is that for the rest of your life, at the drop of a hat, you are expected to know your child's name and how old he or she is. -Erna Bombeck": 1, 'The Democrats seem to be basically nicer people, but they have demonstrated time and again that they have the management skills of celery. -Dave Barry': 2, 'People can misinterpret almost anything so that it coincides with views they already hold. They take from art what they already believe. -Stanley Kubrick': 3, 'Experts tell us that if the Millennium Bug is not fixed, when the year 2000 arrives, our financial records will be inaccurate, our telephone system will be unreliable, our government will be paralyzed and airline flights will be canceled without warning. In other words, things will be pretty much the same as they are now. -Dave Barry': 1, "Many of life's failures are people who did not realize how close they were to success when they gave up. -Thomas Edison": 2, "What sunshine is to flowers, smiles are to humanity. These are but trifles, to be sure; but scattered along life's pathway, the good they do is inconceivable. -Joseph Addison": 1, "There are people who put their dreams in a little box and say, Yes, I've got dreams, of course I've got dreams. Then they put the box away and bring it out once in awhile to look in it, and yep, they're still there. -Erna Bombeck": 1, 'Man [has] always assumed that he was more intelligent than dolphins because he had achieved so much-the wheel, New York, wars and so on-while all the dolphins had ever done was muck about in the water having a good time. But conversely, the dolphins had always believed that they were far more intelligent than man-for precisely the same reason. -Douglas Adams': 1, 'There are three rules for writing a novel. Unfortunately, no one knows what they are. -W. Somerset Maugham': 1, "When they call the roll in the Senate, the Senators do not know whether to answer 'Present' or 'Not guilty.' -Theodore Roosevelt": 1, "Of all tyrannies, a tyranny exercised for the good of its victims may be the most oppressive. It may be better to live under robber barons than under omnipotent moral busybodies. The robber baron's cruelty may sometimes sleep, his cupidity may at some point be satiated; but those who torment us for our own good will torment us without end, for they do so with the approval of their own conscience. -C.S. Lewis": 1, 'If men will not act for themselves, what will they do when the benefit of their effort is for all? -Elbert Hubbard': 1, 'Not only does God play dice, but he sometimes throws them where they cannot be seen. -Stephen Hawking': 1, 'In any fairly large and talkative community such as a university there is always the danger that those who think alike should gravitate together where they will henceforth encounter opposition only in the emasculated form of rumour that the outsiders say thus and thus. The absent are easily refuted, complacent dogmatism thrives, and differences of opinion are embittered by the group hostility. Each group hears not the best, but the worst, that the other group can say. -C.S. Lewis': 1, 'The mystic chords of memory, stretching from every battlefield and patriot grave to every living heart and hearthstone all over this broad land, will yet swell the chorus of the Union, when again touched, as surely they will be, by the better angels of our nature. -Abraham Lincoln': 1, 'There are men in all ages who mean to govern well, but they mean to govern. They promise to be good masters, but they mean to be masters. -Daniel Webster': 3, 'Men show their characters in nothing more clearly than in what they think laughable. -Johann Wolfgang von Goethe': 1, 'I always cheer up immensely if an attack is particularly wounding because I think, well, if they attack one personally, it means they have not a single political argument left. -Margaret Thatcher': 2, 'Of course the people dont want war...that is understood. But voice or no voice, the people can always be brought to the bidding of the leaders. That is easy. All you have to do is tell them they are being attacked, and denounce the pacifists for lack of patriotism and exposing the country to danger. It works the same in any country. -Hermann Goering': 1, "Don't join the book burners. Do not think you are going to conceal thoughts by concealing evidence that they ever existed. -Dwight Eisenhower": 1, "We all wish to be judged by our peers, by the men 'after our own heart.' Only they really know our mind and only they judge it by standards we fully acknowledge. Theirs is the praise we really covet and the blame we really dread. The little pockets of early Chrstians survived because they cared exclusively for the love of 'the bretheren' and stopped their ears to the opinion of the Pagan society around them. But a circle of criminals, cranks, or perverts survives in just the same way; by becoming deaf to the opinion of the outer world, by discounting it as the chatter of outsiders who 'don't understand,' of the 'conventional,' the 'bourgeois,' the 'Establishment,' of prigs, prudes, and humbugs. -C.S. Lewis": 3, 'The best and most beautiful things in the world cannot be seen or even touched. They must be felt with the heart. -Helen Keller': 1, 'The thing we all have to understand to put these last two years in focus, is that liberals in this country care more about whether European leaders like us than they do about whether terrorists are killing us. -Rush Limbaugh': 1, "Thus far, the reputed idiot Bush has graduated from Yale and Harvard, made a stack of cash in the oil industry, become the first consecutive-term governor of Texas, defeated a dual-term VP for the presidency, and led his party to [November 5th's] extraordinary triumphs. Let his opponents keep calling him stupid; if they do, within five years Bush will be King of England, the Pope, and world Formula One motor racing champion. -Tim Blair": 1, 'For each illness that doctors cure with medicine, they provoke ten in healthy people by inoculating them with the virus that is a thousand times more powerful than any microbe: the idea that one is ill. -Marcel Proust': 1, "When we got into office, the thing that surprised me the most was that things were as bad as we'd been saying they were. -John F. Kennedy": 1, "The nice thing about being a celebrity is that, if you bore people, they think it's their fault. -Henry Kissinger": 1, 'I believe one of the reasons so many do not get a higher education is the fear of their parents that they will lose more morally than they will receive mentally. -William Jennings Bryan': 2, 'Government consists in nothing else but so controlling subjects that they shall neither be able to, nor have cause to do it harm. -Nicolo Machiavelli': 1, 'Men marry because they are tired; women because they are curious. Both are disappointed. -Oscar Wilde': 2, 'Some succeed by what they know; some by what they do; and a few by what they are. -Elbert Hubbard': 3, 'If you see ten troubles coming down the road, you can be sure that nine will run into the ditch before they reach you. -Calvin Coolidge': 1, "You know, there's a million fine looking women in the world, dude. But they don't all bring you lasagna at work. Most of 'em just cheat on you. -Kevin Smith": 1, 'They that can give up essential liberty to obtain a little temporary safety deserve neither liberty nor safety. -Benjamin Franklin': 1, 'Cooking was invented in prehistoric times, when a primitive tribe had a lucky accident. The tribe had killed an animal and was going to eat it raw, when a tribe member named Woog tripped and dropped it into the fire. At first the other tribe members were angry at Woog, but then, as the aroma of burning meat filled the air, they had an idea. So they ate Woog raw. -Dave Barry': 2, 'You know what the fellow said: In Italy for thirty years under the Borgias they had warfare, terror, murder, and bloodshed, but they produced Michaelangelo, Leonardo Da Vinci, and the Renaissance. In Switzerland, they had brotherly love--they had five hundred years of democracy and peace, and what did they produce? The cuckoo clock. -Orson Welles': 5, "Many a man's reputation would not know his character if they met on the street. -Elbert Hubbard": 1, "Mothers all want their sons to grow up to be president, but they don't want them to become politicians in the process. -John F. Kennedy": 1, 'What is the most important for democracy is not that great fortunes should not exist, but that great fortunes should not remain in the same hands. In that way there are rich men, but they do not form a class. -Alexis de Tocqueville': 1, 'Show me your hands. Do they have scars from giving? Show me your feet. Are they wounded in service? Show me your heart. Have you left a place for divine love? -Fulton J. Sheen': 2, 'Mothers are fonder than fathers of their children because they are more certain they are their own. -Aristotle': 2, 'To you taxpayers out there, let me say this: Make sure you file your tax return on time! And remember that, even though income taxes can be a \x93pain in the neck,\x94 the folks at the IRS are regular people just like you, except that they can destroy your life. -Dave Barry': 1, 'Americans are so enamored of equality, they would rather be equal in slavery than unequal in freedom. -Alexis de Tocqueville': 1, 'From kindergarten to graduation, I went to public schools, and I know that they are a key to being sure that every child has a chance to succeed and to rise in the world. -Dick Cheney': 1} 
monarch {'The greatest monarch on the proudest throne is obliged to sit upon his own arse. -Benjamin Franklin': 1} 
schools {"Don't marry a man to reform him - that's what reform schools are for. -Mae West": 1, 'From kindergarten to graduation, I went to public schools, and I know that they are a key to being sure that every child has a chance to succeed and to rise in the world. -Dick Cheney': 1} 
yourself {'The first principle is that you must not fool yourself - and you are the easiest person to fool. -Richard P. Feynman': 1, "You should do your own car repairs. It's an easy way to save money and possibly maim yourself for life. -Dave Barry": 1, 'Rings and jewels are not gifts but apologies for gifts. The only true gift is a portion of yourself. -Ralph Waldo Emerson': 1, 'You are young, my son, and, as the years go by, time will change and even reverse many of your present opinions. Refrain therefore awhile from setting yourself up as a judge of the highest matters. -Plato': 1, 'Success, the real success, does not depend upon the position you hold but upon how you carry yourself in that position. -Theodore Roosevelt': 1, "Happiness is so hard to define and foolish to define. Am I acting? That's the worst thing you can ask yourself. You can be happy suddenly. It can spring on you, not when you reach a plateau. You can be happy going backward or going down. You can be happy at the loss of something. -Steve Martin": 1, "Associate yourself with men of good quality if you esteem your own reputation; for 'tis better to be alone than in bad company. -George Washington": 1, 'If you are resolutely determined to make a lawyer of yourself, the thing is more than half done already. -Abraham Lincoln': 1, 'Love yourself first and everything else falls into line. You really have to love yourself to get anything done in this world. -Lucille Ball': 2, "Never continue in a job you don't enjoy. If you're happy in what you're doing, you'll like yourself, you'll have inner peace. And if you have that, along with physical health, you will have had more success than you could possibly have imagined. -Johnny Carson": 1} 
rumour {'In any fairly large and talkative community such as a university there is always the danger that those who think alike should gravitate together where they will henceforth encounter opposition only in the emasculated form of rumour that the outsiders say thus and thus. The absent are easily refuted, complacent dogmatism thrives, and differences of opinion are embittered by the group hostility. Each group hears not the best, but the worst, that the other group can say. -C.S. Lewis': 1} 
rhetoric {'The broad masses of a population are more amenable to the appeal of rhetoric than to any other force. -Adolf Hitler': 1} 
meat {'Cooking was invented in prehistoric times, when a primitive tribe had a lucky accident. The tribe had killed an animal and was going to eat it raw, when a tribe member named Woog tripped and dropped it into the fire. At first the other tribe members were angry at Woog, but then, as the aroma of burning meat filled the air, they had an idea. So they ate Woog raw. -Dave Barry': 1} 
oxygen {'Democratic nations must try to find ways to starve the terrorist and the hijacker of the oxygen of publicity on which they depend. -Margaret Thatcher': 1} 
blushes {'Man is the only animal that blushes - or needs to. -Mark Twain': 1} 
slavery {'Being born is like being kidnapped. And then sold into slavery. -Andy Warhol': 1, 'Americans are so enamored of equality, they would rather be equal in slavery than unequal in freedom. -Alexis de Tocqueville': 1, "This is slavery, not to speak one's thought. -Euripides": 1, 'This country was built on rape, slavery, murder, degradation and affiliation with crime. -Mike Tyson': 1} 
rocks {'Call on God, but row away from the rocks. -Hunter S. Thompson': 1} 
clothed {'Every gun that is made, every warship launched, every rocket fired, signifies in the final sense a theft from those who hunger and are not fed, those who are cold and are not clothed. -Dwight Eisenhower': 1} 
filling {"Money never made a man happy yet, nor will it. There is nothing in its nature to produce happiness. The more a man has, the more he wants. Instead of its filling a vacuum, it makes one. If it satisfies one want, it doubles and trebles that want another way. That was a true proverb of the wise man, rely upon it; ''Better is little with the fear of the Lord, than great treasure, and trouble therewith. -Benjamin Franklin": 1} 
yakking {'The ACLU is always yakking about the Constitution, and most of us are getting mighty tired of it. I mean, if the Constitution is so great, how come it was amended so many times? Huh? -Dave Barry': 1} 
victory {'Satisfaction lies in the effort, not in the attainment. Full effort is full victory. -Mahatma Gandhi': 1, 'If you will not fight for the right when you can easily win without bloodshed; if you will not fight when your victory will be sure and not too costly; you may come to the moment when you will have to fight with all the odds against you and only a small chance of survival. There may even be a worse case: you may have to fight when there is no hope of victory, because it is better to perish than to live as slaves. -Winston Churchill': 2, 'Accept the challenges so that you can feel the exhilaration of victory. -George Patton': 1} 
each {"No distance of place or lapse of time can lessen the friendship of those who are thoroughly persuaded of each other's worth. -Robert Southey": 1, 'She is not perfect. You are not perfect. The question is whether or not you are perfect for each other. -Robin Williams': 1, 'In any fairly large and talkative community such as a university there is always the danger that those who think alike should gravitate together where they will henceforth encounter opposition only in the emasculated form of rumour that the outsiders say thus and thus. The absent are easily refuted, complacent dogmatism thrives, and differences of opinion are embittered by the group hostility. Each group hears not the best, but the worst, that the other group can say. -C.S. Lewis': 1, 'If we have no peace, it is because we have forgotten that we belong to each other. -Mother Teresa': 1, 'If you have an apple and I have an apple and we exchange these apples then you and I will still each have one apple. But if you have an idea and I have an idea and we exchange these ideas, then each of us will have two ideas. -George Bernard Shaw': 2, 'God loves each of us as if there were only one of us. -Saint Augustine': 1, 'Religion operates not only on the vertical plane but also on the horizontal. It seeks not only to integrate men with God but to integrate men with men and each man with himself. -Martin Luther King Jr.': 1, 'I wake each morning torn between the desire to improve the world and the desire to enjoy it. It makes it hard to plan the day. -E.B. White': 1, 'For each illness that doctors cure with medicine, they provoke ten in healthy people by inoculating them with the virus that is a thousand times more powerful than any microbe: the idea that one is ill. -Marcel Proust': 1, 'True wisdom comes to each of us when we realize how little we understand about life, ourselves, and the world around us. -Socrates': 1} 
author unknown {"Why are people's ''deepest desires'' always so shallow? -Author Unknown": 1, 'The truth is always a trick to those who live among lies. -Author Unknown': 1, 'Who does not thank for little will not thank for much. -Author Unknown': 1, "You don't have to stay up nights to succeed; you have to stay awake days. -Author Unknown": 1, 'Remember when safe sex meant not getting caught? -Author Unknown': 1, 'People have a way of becoming what you encourage them to be, not what you nag them to be. -Author Unknown': 1, "Don't let people drive you crazy when you know it's in walking distance. -Author Unknown": 1, 'Philosophy is questions that may never be answered. Religion is answers that may never be questioned. -Author Unknown': 1} 
went {'From kindergarten to graduation, I went to public schools, and I know that they are a key to being sure that every child has a chance to succeed and to rise in the world. -Dick Cheney': 1, "When this girl at the museum asked me who I liked better, Monet or Manet, I said, 'I like mayonnaise.' She just stared at me, so I said it again, louder. Then she left. I guess she went to try to find some mayonnaise for me. -Jack Handey": 1, "A University of Chicago professor said the greatest day in the world was when a water puppy crawled out on land and decided to stay. The water puppy, he said, went on to become a man. If he proves that, I am willing to give up Christmas, Thanksgiving, and New Year's Day, and to celebrate Water Puppy Day. -William Jennings Bryan": 1, 'I went out to the country so i could examine the simple things in life. -Henry Thoreau': 1, "To me, clowns aren't funny. In fact, they're kinda scary. I've wondered where this started, and I think it goes back to the time I went to the circus and a clown killed my dad. -Jack Handey": 1} 
european {'The thing we all have to understand to put these last two years in focus, is that liberals in this country care more about whether European leaders like us than they do about whether terrorists are killing us. -Rush Limbaugh': 1} 
side {'On the plus side, death is one of the few things that can be done just as easily lying down. -Woody Allen': 1, "No side will win the Battle of the Sexes. There's too much fraternizing with the enemy. -Henry Kissinger": 1, 'No human relation gives one possession in another...every two souls are absolutely different. In friendship and in love, the two side by side raise hands together to find what one cannot reach alone. -Kahlil Gibran': 2, 'When you have the facts on your side, argue the facts. When you have the law on your side, argue the law. When you have neither, holler. -Al Gore': 2} 
luck {'I am a strong believer in luck and I find the harder I work the more I have of it. -Benjamin Franklin': 1, 'Diligence is the mother of good luck. -Benjamin Franklin': 1, "Of course I don't believe in it. But I understand that it brings you luck whether you believe in it or not. -Niels Bohr": 1} 
exertion {'Man was made for action, and to promote by the exertion of his faculties such changes in the external circumstances both of himself and others, as may seem most favourable to the happiness of all. -Adam Smith': 1} 
kneels {"A man's very highest moment is, I have no doubt at all, when he kneels in the dust, and beats his breast, and tells all the sins of his life. -Oscar Wilde": 1} 
directly {'Whatever affects one directly, affects all indirectly. I can never be what I ought to be until you are what you ought to be. This is the interrelated structure of reality. -Martin Luther King Jr.': 1, "Without computers, the government would be unable to function at the level of effectiveness and efficiency that we have come to expect.  This is because the primary function of the government is -- and here I am quoting directly from the U.S. Constitution -- 'to spew out paper.' -Dave Barry": 1} 
catches {'The sleeping fox catches no poultry. -Benjamin Franklin': 1} 
councils {'In the councils of government, we must guard against the acquisition of unwarranted influence, whether sought or unsought, by the military-industrial complex. -Dwight Eisenhower': 1} 
principles {"'Tis the business of little minds to shrink, but he whose heart is firm, and whose conscience approves his conduct, will pursue his principles unto death. -Thomas Paine": 1, 'A leader is a man who can adapt principles to circumstances. -George Patton': 1, 'A people that values its privileges above its principles soon loses both. -Dwight Eisenhower': 1} 
marital {'Karate is a form of marital arts in which people who have had years and years of training can, using only their hands and feet, make some of the worst movies in the history of the world. -Dave Barry': 1} 
used {'She was what we used to call a suicide blond - dyed by her own hand. -Saul Bellow': 1, 'The worst thing that could happen to anybody, would be to not be used for anything by anybody. -Kurt Vonnegut': 1, "I'm never going to be famous. My name will never be writ large on the roster of Those Who Do Things. I don't do any thing. Not one single thing. I used to bite my nails, but I don't even do that any more. -Dorothy Parker": 1, 'Reason is experimental intelligence, conceived after the pattern of science, and used in the creation of social arts; it has something to do. It liberates man from the bondage of the past, due to ignorance and accident hardened into custom. It projects a better future and assists man in its realization. -John Dewey': 1, 'Everything that used to be a sin is now a disease. -Bill Maher': 1} 
we'd {"When we got into office, the thing that surprised me the most was that things were as bad as we'd been saying they were. -John F. Kennedy": 1} 
rita rudner {'Have children while your parents are still young enough to take care of them. -Rita Rudner': 1} 
dawn {'How did it happen that their lips came together? How does it happen that birds sing, that snow melts, that the rose unfolds, that the dawn whitens behind the stark shapes of trees on the quivering summit of the hill? A kiss, and all was said. -Victor Hugo': 1, 'Though force can protect in emergency, only justice, fairness, consideration and cooperation can finally lead men to the dawn of eternal peace. -Dwight Eisenhower': 1} 
ring {'From the prodigious hilltops of New Hampshire, let freedom ring. From the mighty mountains of New York, let freedom ring. From the heightening Alleghenies of Pennsylvania, let freedom ring. But not only that: Let freedom ring from every hill and molehill of Mississippi. -Martin Luther King Jr.': 4} 
god {"May God have mercy upon my enemies, because I won't. -George Patton": 1, 'God enters by a private door into every individual. -Ralph Waldo Emerson': 1, 'Religion operates not only on the vertical plane but also on the horizontal. It seeks not only to integrate men with God but to integrate men with men and each man with himself. -Martin Luther King Jr.': 1, 'The hour of departure has arrived, and we go our ways - I to die, and you to live. Which is better God only knows. -Plato': 1, 'It is very easy to tell the difference between man-made and God-made objects. The more you magnify man-made objects, the cruder they look, but the more you magnify God-made objects, the more precise and intricate they appear. -Luther Sutherland': 2, 'God does not give heed to the ambitiousness of our prayers, because he is always ready to give to us his light, not a visible light but an intellectual and spiritual one; but we are not always ready to receive it when we turn aside and down to other things out of a desire for temporal things. -Saint Augustine': 1, 'Everything except God has some natural superior; everything except unformed matter has some natural inferior. -C.S. Lewis': 1, 'Call on God, but row away from the rocks. -Hunter S. Thompson': 1, 'Black holes are where God divided by zero. -Steven Wright': 1, 'Cast your cares on God; that anchor holds. -Frank Moore Colby': 1, 'Not only does God play dice, but he sometimes throws them where they cannot be seen. -Stephen Hawking': 1, 'If God had wanted us to spend our time fretting about the problems of home ownership, He would never have invented beer. -Dave Barry': 1, 'You find out more about God from the Moral Law than from the univerise in general just as you find out more about a man by listening to his conversation than by looking at a house he has built. -C.S. Lewis': 1, "God help the man who won't marry until he finds a perfect woman, and God help him still more if he finds her. -Benjamin Tillet": 2, "I know God will not give me anything I can't handle. I just wish that He didn't trust me so much. -Mother Teresa": 1, 'Intoxicated with unbroken success, we have become too self-sufficient to feel the necessity of redeeming and preserving grace, too proud to pray to the God that made us. -Abraham Lincoln': 1, 'It is by the goodness of God that, in this country, we have three benefits: freedom of speech, freedom of thought, and the wisdom never to use either. -Mark Twain': 1, 'There is hope for the future because God has a sense of humor and we are funny to God. -Bill Cosby': 2, "I realise that I'm making gender-based generalizations here, but my feeling is that if God did not want us to make gender-based generalizations, She would not have given us genders. -Dave Barry": 1, 'God loves each of us as if there were only one of us. -Saint Augustine': 1, "Don't ask God to change the laws of nature for you. -Nachman of Bratslav": 1, 'Not only is there no God, but try finding a plumber on Sunday. -Woody Allen': 1, 'We should take care not to make the intellect our god; it has, of course, powerful muscles, but no personality. -Albert Einstein': 1, 'Question with boldness even the existence of a God; because, if there be one, he must more approve of the homage of reason, than that of blind-folded fear. -Thomas Jefferson': 1} 
dime {"A nickel isn't worth a dime today. -Yogi Berra": 1} 
forty {'Rome remained free for four hundred years and Sparta eight hundred, although their citizens were armed all that time; but many other states that have been disarmed have lost their liberties in less than forty years. -Nicolo Machiavelli': 1} 
content {'The recipe for perpetual ignorance is: be satisfied with your opinions and content with your knowledge. -Elbert Hubbard': 1, 'If all our misfortunes were laid in one common heap, whence everyone must take an equal portion, most people would be content to take their own and depart. -Socrates': 1} 
method {"Science is not about building a body of known 'facts'. It is a method for asking awkward questions and subjecting them to a reality-check, thus avoiding the human tendency to believe whatever makes us feel good. -Terry Pratchett": 1} 
laid {'If all our misfortunes were laid in one common heap, whence everyone must take an equal portion, most people would be content to take their own and depart. -Socrates': 1} 
branch {'Under the doctrine of the separation of powers, the manner in which the president personally exercises his assigned executive powers is not subject to questioning by another branch of government. -Richard Nixon': 1} 
millennium {'Experts tell us that if the Millennium Bug is not fixed, when the year 2000 arrives, our financial records will be inaccurate, our telephone system will be unreliable, our government will be paralyzed and airline flights will be canceled without warning. In other words, things will be pretty much the same as they are now. -Dave Barry': 1} 
adapt {'A leader is a man who can adapt principles to circumstances. -George Patton': 1} 
medicine {'For each illness that doctors cure with medicine, they provoke ten in healthy people by inoculating them with the virus that is a thousand times more powerful than any microbe: the idea that one is ill. -Marcel Proust': 1} 
surprise {'Demoralize the enemy from within by surprise, terror, sabotage, assassination. This is the war of the future. -Adolf Hitler': 1} 
carrie snow {"Having a male gynecologist is like going to an auto mechanic who doesn't own a car. -Carrie Snow": 1} 
size {'Never confuse the size of your paycheck with the size of your talent. -Marlon Brando': 2, 'America is not like a blanket: one piece of unbroken cloth, the same color, the same texture, the same size. America is more like a quilt: many patches, many pieces, many colors, many sizes, all woven and held together by a common thread. -Jesse Jackson': 1} 
forth {'Let us now set forth one of the fundamental truths about marriage: the wife is in charge. -Bill Cosby': 1, 'Let the word go forth from this time and place, to friend and foe alike, that the torch has been passed to a new generation of Americans. -John F. Kennedy': 1} 
foundation {'Alexander, Caesar, Charlemagne, and myself founded empires; but what foundation did we rest the creations of our genius? Upon force. Jesus Christ founded an empire upon love; and at this hour millions of men would die for Him. -Napoleon Bonaparte': 1, 'Humility is the foundation of all the other virtues hence, in the soul in which this virtue does not exist there cannot be any other virtue except in mere appearance. -Saint Augustine': 1, 'If the United Nations once admits that international disputes can be settled by using force, then we will have destroyed the foundation of the organization and our best hope of establishing a world order. -Dwight Eisenhower': 1} 
doesn't {"The only reason for time is so that everything doesn't happen at once. -Albert Einstein": 1, "Accept good advice gracefully--as long as it doesn't interfere with what you intended to do in the first place. -Gene Brown": 1, "Money doesn't talk, it swears. -Bob Dylan": 1, "Having a male gynecologist is like going to an auto mechanic who doesn't own a car. -Carrie Snow": 1, "Democracy means that anyone can grow up to be president, and anyone who doesn't grow up can be vice president. -Johnny Carson": 1, "Just because I look sexy on the cover of Rolling Stone doesn't mean I'm naughty. -Britney Spears": 1, "Reality is that which, when you stop believing in it, doesn't go away. -Phillip K. Dick": 1, "History doesn't repeat itself, but it does rhyme. -Mark Twain": 1, "The only kind of seafood I trust is the fish stick, a totally featureless fish that doesn't have eyeballs or fins. -Dave Barry": 1, "A grandmother pretends she doesn't know who you are on Halloween. -Erna Bombeck": 1} 
eternal {'Money can help you to get medicines but not health. Money can help you to get soft pillows, but not sound sleep. Money can help you to get material comforts, but not eternal bliss. Money can help you to get ornaments, but not beauty. Money will help you to get an electric earphone, but not natural hearing. Attain the supreme wealth, wisdom, and you will have everything. -Benjamin Franklin': 1, 'Though force can protect in emergency, only justice, fairness, consideration and cooperation can finally lead men to the dawn of eternal peace. -Dwight Eisenhower': 1} 
revenge {'There is nothing funny about Halloween. This sarcastic festival reflects, rather, an infernal demand for revenge by children on the adult world. -Jean Baudrillard': 1} 
free {'I believe this government cannot endure permanently half slave and half free. -Abraham Lincoln': 1, 'Freedom is not something that anybody can be given; freedom is something people take and people are as free as they want to be. -James Baldwin': 1, 'A free society is one where it is safe to be unpopular. -Adlai Stevenson': 1, 'Rome remained free for four hundred years and Sparta eight hundred, although their citizens were armed all that time; but many other states that have been disarmed have lost their liberties in less than forty years. -Nicolo Machiavelli': 1, "If you wanna be free, you've gotta accept everything. -Jason Mechalek": 1, 'If we command our wealth, we shall be rich and free; if our wealth commands us, we are poor indeed. -Edmund Burke': 1, 'If there is any principle of the Constitution that more imperatively calls for attachment than any other it is the principle of free thought, not free thought for those who agree with us but freedom for the thought that we hate. -Oliver Wendell Holmes': 2} 
admits {'All good art is about something deeper than it admits. -Roger Ebert': 1, 'If the United Nations once admits that international disputes can be settled by using force, then we will have destroyed the foundation of the organization and our best hope of establishing a world order. -Dwight Eisenhower': 1} 
appointments {'Death and life have their determined appointments; riches and honors depend upon heaven. -Confucius': 1} 
masterpiece {'By a curious confusion, many modern critics have passed from the proposition that a masterpiece may be unpopular to the other proposition that unless it is unpopular it cannot be a masterpiece. -GK Chesterton': 2} 
rain {'And what\x92s romance? Usually, a nice little tale where you have everything As You Like It, where rain never wets your jacket and gnats never bite your nose and it\x92s always daisy-time. -D.H. Lawrence': 1} 
people's {"It does not require a majority to prevail, but rather an irate, tireless minority keen to set brush fires in people's minds. -Samuel Adams": 1, "Why are people's ''deepest desires'' always so shallow? -Author Unknown": 1} 
enlightened {"The puritanism of Christianity has played havoc with the moderation that an enlightened and tolerant critical spirit would have produced. I've noticed that in whatever country, county, town, or other region there is a regulation enjoining temperance, the population seems to be entirely composed of teetotallers and drunkards. There's a Bible on that shelf there. But I keep it next to Voltaire - poison and antidote. -Bertrand Russell": 1} 
wanted {'If God had wanted us to spend our time fretting about the problems of home ownership, He would never have invented beer. -Dave Barry': 1, "I had a dream the other night. I dreamed that Jimmy Carter came to me and asked why I wanted his job. I told him I didn't want his job. I want to be President. -Ronald Reagan": 1} 
knit {'Back in the old days, most families were close-knit. Grown children and their parents continued to live together, under the same roof, sometimes in the same small, crowded room, year in and year out, until they died, frequently by strangulation. -Dave Barry': 1} 
personalities {'Eros will have naked bodies; Friendship naked personalities. -C.S. Lewis': 1} 
nietzsche {'Nietzsche was stupid and abnormal. -Leo Tolstoy': 1} 
ate {'Cooking was invented in prehistoric times, when a primitive tribe had a lucky accident. The tribe had killed an animal and was going to eat it raw, when a tribe member named Woog tripped and dropped it into the fire. At first the other tribe members were angry at Woog, but then, as the aroma of burning meat filled the air, they had an idea. So they ate Woog raw. -Dave Barry': 1} 
exposing {'Of course the people dont want war...that is understood. But voice or no voice, the people can always be brought to the bidding of the leaders. That is easy. All you have to do is tell them they are being attacked, and denounce the pacifists for lack of patriotism and exposing the country to danger. It works the same in any country. -Hermann Goering': 1} 
trebles {"Money never made a man happy yet, nor will it. There is nothing in its nature to produce happiness. The more a man has, the more he wants. Instead of its filling a vacuum, it makes one. If it satisfies one want, it doubles and trebles that want another way. That was a true proverb of the wise man, rely upon it; ''Better is little with the fear of the Lord, than great treasure, and trouble therewith. -Benjamin Franklin": 1} 
created {'The significant problems we face cannot be solved at the same level of thinking we were at when we created them. -Albert Einstein': 1, 'In the beginning, the universe was created. This made a lot of people very angry, and has been widely regarded as a bad idea. -Douglas Adams': 1, "I think computer viruses should count as life. I think it says something about human nature that the only form of life we have created so far is purely destructive. We've created life in our own image. -Stephen Hawking": 2} 
prigs {"We all wish to be judged by our peers, by the men 'after our own heart.' Only they really know our mind and only they judge it by standards we fully acknowledge. Theirs is the praise we really covet and the blame we really dread. The little pockets of early Chrstians survived because they cared exclusively for the love of 'the bretheren' and stopped their ears to the opinion of the Pagan society around them. But a circle of criminals, cranks, or perverts survives in just the same way; by becoming deaf to the opinion of the outer world, by discounting it as the chatter of outsiders who 'don't understand,' of the 'conventional,' the 'bourgeois,' the 'Establishment,' of prigs, prudes, and humbugs. -C.S. Lewis": 1} 
starts {'An optimist is a person who starts a new diet on Thanksgiving Day. -Irv Kupcinet': 1, 'The direction in which education starts a man will determine his future life. -Plato': 1} 
messages {"The function of RAM is to give us guys a way of deciding whose computer has the biggest, studliest, most tumescent MEMORY. This is important, because with today's complex software, the more memory a computer has, the faster it can produce error messages. So the bottom line is, if you're a guy, you cannot have enough RAM. -Dave Barry": 1} 
days {'Goldie and I did have a car stolen right out of our yard. It took us three days to notice. -Kurt Russell': 1, 'There are perhaps no days of our childhood we lived so fully as those we spent with a favorite book. -Marcel Proust': 1, 'How we spend our days is, of course, how we spend our lives. -Annie Dillard': 1, 'When you work seven days a week, fourteen hours a day, you get lucky. -Armand Hammer': 1, "You don't have to stay up nights to succeed; you have to stay awake days. -Author Unknown": 1, 'Back in the old days, most families were close-knit. Grown children and their parents continued to live together, under the same roof, sometimes in the same small, crowded room, year in and year out, until they died, frequently by strangulation. -Dave Barry': 1, "The days of looking the other way while despotic regimes trample human rights, rob their nations' wealth, and then excuse their failings by feeding their people a steady diet of anti-Western hatred are over. -Dick Cheney": 1, 'Beauty is all very well at first sight; but whoever looks at it when it has been in the house three days? -George Bernard Shaw': 1, 'Happy, happy Christmas, that can win us back to the delusions of our childhood days, recall to the old man the pleasures of his youth, and transport the traveler back to his own fireside and quiet home! -Charles Dickens': 1} 
tolerant {"The puritanism of Christianity has played havoc with the moderation that an enlightened and tolerant critical spirit would have produced. I've noticed that in whatever country, county, town, or other region there is a regulation enjoining temperance, the population seems to be entirely composed of teetotallers and drunkards. There's a Bible on that shelf there. But I keep it next to Voltaire - poison and antidote. -Bertrand Russell": 1, 'There is only one force of history that can break the reign of hatred and resentment, and expose the pretensions of tyrants, and reward the hopes of the decent and tolerant, and that is the force of human freedom. -George W. Bush': 1, 'The public is wonderfully tolerant. It forgives everything except genius. -Oscar Wilde': 1} 
creates {'It is your mind that creates this world. -Siddhartha Buddha': 1} 
presumptive {'Are you entitled to the fruits of your labor or does government have some presumptive right to spend and spend and spend? -Ronald Reagan': 1} 
today's {"The function of RAM is to give us guys a way of deciding whose computer has the biggest, studliest, most tumescent MEMORY. This is important, because with today's complex software, the more memory a computer has, the faster it can produce error messages. So the bottom line is, if you're a guy, you cannot have enough RAM. -Dave Barry": 1} 
kingdom {'As every divided kingdom falls, so every mind divided between many studies confounds and saps itself. -Leonardo da Vinci': 1} 
moving {'The greatest thing in this world is not so much where we are, but in what direction we are moving. -Oliver Wendell Holmes': 1} 
onto {'Life is no brief candle to me. It is a sort of splendid torch which I have got a hold of for the moment, and I want to make it burn as brightly as possible before handing it onto future generations. -George Bernard Shaw': 1} 
caught {'Surely what a man does when he is caught off his guard is the best evidence as to what sort of man he is. -C.S. Lewis': 1, 'Remember when safe sex meant not getting caught? -Author Unknown': 1} 
already {'There is a theory which states that if ever anyone discovers exactly what the Universe is for and why it is here, it will instantly disappear and be replaced by something even more bizarre and inexplicable. There is another theory which states that this has already happened. -Douglas Adams': 1, 'People can misinterpret almost anything so that it coincides with views they already hold. They take from art what they already believe. -Stanley Kubrick': 2, 'Returning violence for violence multiplies violence, adding deeper darkness to a night already devoid of stars. -Martin Luther King Jr.': 1, 'If you are resolutely determined to make a lawyer of yourself, the thing is more than half done already. -Abraham Lincoln': 1, "If you're afraid to ask the question, it's probably because you already know the answer. -Miriam M. Wynn": 1, "Don't worry about the world coming to an end today. It's already tomorrow in Australia. -Charles Schulz": 1} 
dont {"Advice to young writers who want to get ahead without annoying delays: don\x92t write about Man, write about 'a' man. -E.B. White": 1, 'If people don\x92t come to the games, you can\x92t stop them. -Yogi Berra': 1} 
ownership {'If God had wanted us to spend our time fretting about the problems of home ownership, He would never have invented beer. -Dave Barry': 1} 
attractions {"One of the great attractions of patriotism -- it fulfills our worst wishes. In the person of our nation we are able, vicariously, to bully and cheat. Bully and cheat, what's more, with a feeling that we are profoundly virtuous. -Aldous Huxley": 1} 
primary {"Without computers, the government would be unable to function at the level of effectiveness and efficiency that we have come to expect.  This is because the primary function of the government is -- and here I am quoting directly from the U.S. Constitution -- 'to spew out paper.' -Dave Barry": 1, 'If the primary aim of a captain were to preserve his ship, he would keep it in port forever. -Thomas Aquinas': 1} 
hearing {'Money can help you to get medicines but not health. Money can help you to get soft pillows, but not sound sleep. Money can help you to get material comforts, but not eternal bliss. Money can help you to get ornaments, but not beauty. Money will help you to get an electric earphone, but not natural hearing. Attain the supreme wealth, wisdom, and you will have everything. -Benjamin Franklin': 1} 
another {'Painting is just another way of keeping a diary. -Pablo Picasso': 1, 'Under the doctrine of the separation of powers, the manner in which the president personally exercises his assigned executive powers is not subject to questioning by another branch of government. -Richard Nixon': 1, "Money never made a man happy yet, nor will it. There is nothing in its nature to produce happiness. The more a man has, the more he wants. Instead of its filling a vacuum, it makes one. If it satisfies one want, it doubles and trebles that want another way. That was a true proverb of the wise man, rely upon it; ''Better is little with the fear of the Lord, than great treasure, and trouble therewith. -Benjamin Franklin": 1, 'You are never too old to set another goal or to dream a new dream. -C.S. Lewis': 1, 'Life is just one damned thing after another. -Elbert Hubbard': 1, 'Being is desirable because it is identical with Beauty, and Beauty is loved because it is Being. We ourselves possess Beauty when we are true to our own being; ugliness is in going over to another order; knowing ourselves, we are beautiful; in self-ignorance, we are ugly. -Ambrose Bierce': 1, 'There is a theory which states that if ever anyone discovers exactly what the Universe is for and why it is here, it will instantly disappear and be replaced by something even more bizarre and inexplicable. There is another theory which states that this has already happened. -Douglas Adams': 1, 'He that fights and runs away, may turn and fight another day; but he that is in battle slain, will never rise to fight again. -Tacitus': 1, 'No human relation gives one possession in another...every two souls are absolutely different. In friendship and in love, the two side by side raise hands together to find what one cannot reach alone. -Kahlil Gibran': 1, 'Nothing gives one person so much advantage over another as to remain always cool and unruffled under all circumstances. -Thomas Jefferson': 1, "It is a scientific fact that your body will not absorb cholesterol if you take it from another person's plate. -Dave Barry": 1, 'Avoid the base hypocrisy of condemning in one man what you pass over in silence when committed by another. -Theodore Roosevelt': 1, 'The Nation which indulges toward another an habitual hatred or an habitual fondness is in some degree a slave. It is a slave to its animosity or to its affection, either of which is sufficient to lead it astray from its duty and its interest. -George Washington': 1} 
sober {'I may be drunk, Miss, but in the morning I will be sober and you will still be ugly. -Winston Churchill': 1} 
scissors {'Regarding the debate about faith and works: It\x92s like asking which blade in a pair of scissors is most important. -C.S. Lewis': 1} 
immensely {'I always cheer up immensely if an attack is particularly wounding because I think, well, if they attack one personally, it means they have not a single political argument left. -Margaret Thatcher': 1} 
ditch {'If you see ten troubles coming down the road, you can be sure that nine will run into the ditch before they reach you. -Calvin Coolidge': 1} 
awfully {'We know life is futile. A man who considers that his life is of very wonderful importance is awfully close to a padded cell. -Clarence Darrow': 1} 
ten {'If you see ten troubles coming down the road, you can be sure that nine will run into the ditch before they reach you. -Calvin Coolidge': 1, 'Ten people who speak make more noise than ten thousand who are silent. -Napoleon Bonaparte': 2, "We seem to be going through a period of nostalgia, and everyone seems to think yesterday was better than today. I don't think it was, and I would advise you not to wait ten years before admitting today was great. If you're hung up on nostalgia, pretend today is yesterday and just go out and have one hell of a time. -Art Buchwald": 1, 'For each illness that doctors cure with medicine, they provoke ten in healthy people by inoculating them with the virus that is a thousand times more powerful than any microbe: the idea that one is ill. -Marcel Proust': 1, 'When angry, count ten before you speak; if very angry, a hundred. -Thomas Jefferson': 1, 'Corrupt politicians make the other ten percent look bad. -Henry Kissinger': 1} 
service {'Show me your hands. Do they have scars from giving? Show me your feet. Are they wounded in service? Show me your heart. Have you left a place for divine love? -Fulton J. Sheen': 1} 
top {'If I feel physically as if the top of my head were taken off, I know that is poetry. -Emily Dickinson': 1} 
seduction {'It is your work in life that is the ultimate seduction. -Pablo Picasso': 1} 
master {'Government is not reason; it is not eloquent; it is force. Like fire, it is a dangerous servant and a fearful master. -George Washington': 1, 'As I would not be a slave, so I would not be a master. This expresses my idea of democracy. Whatever differs from this, to the extent of the difference, is no democracy. -Abraham Lincoln': 1, 'Love is the master key which opens the gates of happiness. -Oliver Wendell Holmes': 1} 
too {"No side will win the Battle of the Sexes. There's too much fraternizing with the enemy. -Henry Kissinger": 1, 'Errors of haste are seldom committed singly. The first time a man always does too much. And precisely on that account he commits a second error, and then he does too little. -Friedrich Nietzsche': 2, 'It is the dissimilarities and inequalities among men which give rise to the notion of honor; as such differences become less, it grows feeble; and when they disappear, it will vanish too. -Alexis de Tocqueville': 1, 'Hanging is too good for a man who makes puns -- he should be drawn and quoted. -Fred Allen': 1, 'We know too much, and are convinced of too little. Our literature is a substitute for religion, and so is our religion. -T.S. Eliot': 2, "Don't take life too seriously; you'll never get out of it alive. -Elbert Hubbard": 1, "Instead of a trap door, what about a trap window? The guy looks out it, and if he leans too far, he falls out. Wait. I guess that's like a regular window. -Jack Handey": 1, 'The fruit that can fall without shaking, indeed is too mellow for me. -Lady Mary Wortley Montagu': 1, 'Most modern freedom is at root fear. It is not so much that we are too bold to endure rules; it is rather that we are too timid to endure responsibilities. -GK Chesterton': 2, 'You are never too old to set another goal or to dream a new dream. -C.S. Lewis': 1, "A man can't be too careful in the choice of his enemies. -Oscar Wilde": 1, 'It is better to be bold than too circumspect, because fortune is of a sex which likes not a tardy wooer and repulses all who are not ardent. -Nicolo Machiavelli': 1, 'I never knew what real happiness was until I got married, and by then it was too late. -Max Kaufman': 1, 'Intoxicated with unbroken success, we have become too self-sufficient to feel the necessity of redeeming and preserving grace, too proud to pray to the God that made us. -Abraham Lincoln': 2, "Cocaine is God's way of telling someone that they're too rich. -Robin Williams": 1, 'The covers of this book are too far apart. -Ambrose Bierce': 1, 'Too many poets delude themselves by thinking that the mind is dangerous and must be left out. Well, the mind is dangerous and must be left in. -Robert Frost': 1, "Life's Tragedy is that we get old to soon and wise too late. -Benjamin Franklin": 1, "I paid too much for it, but it's worth it. -Samuel Goldwyn": 1, 'Even peace may be purchased at too high a price. -Benjamin Franklin': 1, "Remember, if you smoke after sex you're doing it too fast. -Woody Allen": 1, 'The MPAA rates this PG-13. It is too vulgar for anyone under 13, and too dumb for anyone over 13. -Roger Ebert': 2, 'If you will not fight for the right when you can easily win without bloodshed; if you will not fight when your victory will be sure and not too costly; you may come to the moment when you will have to fight with all the odds against you and only a small chance of survival. There may even be a worse case: you may have to fight when there is no hope of victory, because it is better to perish than to live as slaves. -Winston Churchill': 1, 'A brain has to digest its food, too. -Jason Mechalek': 1} 
hollywood {'Washington is a Hollywood for ugly people. Hollywood is a Washington for the simpleminded. -John McCain': 2} 
bitter {'Maturity is a bitter disappointment for which no remedy exists, unless laughter can be said to remedy anything. -Kurt Vonnegut': 1} 
dogs {'A Native American elder once described his own inner struggles in this manner: Inside of me there are two dogs. One of the dogs is mean and evil. The other dog is good. The mean dog fights the good dog all the time. When asked which dog wins, he reflected. -George Bernard Shaw': 2, 'Dogs look up to you. Cats look down on you. Pigs treat you like equals. -Winston Churchill': 1} 
unbroken {'Intoxicated with unbroken success, we have become too self-sufficient to feel the necessity of redeeming and preserving grace, too proud to pray to the God that made us. -Abraham Lincoln': 1, 'America is not like a blanket: one piece of unbroken cloth, the same color, the same texture, the same size. America is more like a quilt: many patches, many pieces, many colors, many sizes, all woven and held together by a common thread. -Jesse Jackson': 1} 
listen {'There is only one rule for being a good talker - learn to listen. -Christopher Morley': 1, 'Television is a medium of entertainment which permits millions of people to listen to the same joke at the same time, and yet remain lonesome. -T.S. Eliot': 1, 'Education is the ability to listen to almost anything without losing your temper or your self-confidence. -Robert Frost': 1} 
murder {'This country was built on rape, slavery, murder, degradation and affiliation with crime. -Mike Tyson': 1, 'You know what the fellow said: In Italy for thirty years under the Borgias they had warfare, terror, murder, and bloodshed, but they produced Michaelangelo, Leonardo Da Vinci, and the Renaissance. In Switzerland, they had brotherly love--they had five hundred years of democracy and peace, and what did they produce? The cuckoo clock. -Orson Welles': 1} 
writers {'The writer\x92s job is not to judge, but to seek to understand. -Ernest Hemingway': 1} 
collapse {'All enterprises that are entered into with indiscreet zeal may be pursued with great vigor at first, but are sure to collapse in the end. -Tacitus': 1} 
rest {'Alexander, Caesar, Charlemagne, and myself founded empires; but what foundation did we rest the creations of our genius? Upon force. Jesus Christ founded an empire upon love; and at this hour millions of men would die for Him. -Napoleon Bonaparte': 1, "When you stop giving and offering something to the rest of the world, it's time to turn out the lights. -George Burns": 1, "One thing they never tell you about child raising is that for the rest of your life, at the drop of a hat, you are expected to know your child's name and how old he or she is. -Erna Bombeck": 1, 'I have often wondered how it is that every man loves himself more than all the rest of men, but yet sets less value on his own opinion of himself than on the opinion of others. -Marcus Aurelius': 1, 'The mintage of wisdom is to know that rest is rust, and that real life is in love, laughter, and work. -Elbert Hubbard': 1} 
serve {"Everybody can be great... because anybody can serve. You don't have to have a college degree to serve. You don't have to make your subject and verb agree to serve. You only need a heart full of grace. A soul generated by love. -Martin Luther King Jr.": 3} 
took {'Two roads diverged in a wood, and I...I took the one less traveled by, and that has made all the difference. -Robert Frost': 1, 'Goldie and I did have a car stolen right out of our yard. It took us three days to notice. -Kurt Russell': 1, 'When I took office, only high energy physicists had ever heard of what is called the Worldwide Web....now even my cat has its own page. -Bill Clinton': 1} 
wisdom {'Knowledge comes, but wisdom lingers. -Calvin Coolidge': 1, 'Wisdom begins at the end. -Daniel Webster': 1, 'To know what is impenetrable to us really exists, manifesting itself as the highest wisdom and the most radiant beauty...this knowledge, this feeling is at the center of true religiousness. -Albert Einstein': 1, 'It is by the goodness of God that, in this country, we have three benefits: freedom of speech, freedom of thought, and the wisdom never to use either. -Mark Twain': 1, "You give me a credit to which I have no claim in calling me 'the writer of the Constitution of the United States.' This was not, like the fabled Goddess of Wisdom, the offspring of a single brain. It ought to be regarded as the work of many heads and many hands. -James Madison": 1, 'To be a philosopher is not merely to have subtle thoughts; but so to love wisdom as to live according to its dictates. -Henry Thoreau': 1, 'The older I grow the more I distrust the familiar doctrine that age brings wisdom. -Henry Mencken': 1, 'The mintage of wisdom is to know that rest is rust, and that real life is in love, laughter, and work. -Elbert Hubbard': 1, 'Without courage, wisdom bears no fruit. -Baltasar Gracian': 1, 'True wisdom comes to each of us when we realize how little we understand about life, ourselves, and the world around us. -Socrates': 1, 'Money can help you to get medicines but not health. Money can help you to get soft pillows, but not sound sleep. Money can help you to get material comforts, but not eternal bliss. Money can help you to get ornaments, but not beauty. Money will help you to get an electric earphone, but not natural hearing. Attain the supreme wealth, wisdom, and you will have everything. -Benjamin Franklin': 1, 'Patience is the companion of wisdom. -Saint Augustine': 1, 'Love is the wisdom of the fool and the folly of the wise. -Samuel Johnson': 1} 
mahatma gandhi {'Live as if you were to die tomorrow. Learn as if you were to live forever. -Mahatma Gandhi': 1, 'I like your Christ, I do not like your Christians. Your Christians are so unlike your Christ. -Mahatma Gandhi': 1, 'Satisfaction lies in the effort, not in the attainment. Full effort is full victory. -Mahatma Gandhi': 1, 'My life is my message. -Mahatma Gandhi': 1, 'Peace is its own reward. -Mahatma Gandhi': 1, 'You must be the change you wish to see in the world. -Mahatma Gandhi': 1} 
exhilarating {'There is nothing more exhilarating than to be shot at without result. -Winston Churchill': 1} 
motionless {'Love anything and your heart will be wrung and possibly broken. If you want to make sure of keeping it intact you must give it to no one, not even an animal. Wrap it carefully round with hobbies and little luxuries; avoid all entanglements. Lock it up safe in the casket or coffin of your selfishness. But in that casket, safe, dark, motionless, airless, it will change. It will not be broken; it will become unbreakable, impenetrable, irredeemable. To love is to be vulnerable. -C.S. Lewis': 1} 
western {"The days of looking the other way while despotic regimes trample human rights, rob their nations' wealth, and then excuse their failings by feeding their people a steady diet of anti-Western hatred are over. -Dick Cheney": 1, 'To defend Western Europe we have to let the Pentagon buy all these tanks and guns and things, and the Pentagon is unable to buy any object that that costs less than a condominium in Vail. If the Pentagon needs, say, fruit, it will argue that it must have fruit that can withstand the rigors of combat conditions, and it will wind up purchasing the FX-700 Seedless Tactical Grape, which will cost $160,000 per bunch, and will have an 83 percent failure rate. -Dave Barry': 1} 
preposterous {'Any reviewer who expresses rage and loathing for a novel is preposterous. He or she is like a person who has put on full armor and attacked a hot fudge sundae. -Kurt Vonnegut': 1} 
unsaid {'Remember not only to say the right thing in the right place, but far more difficult still, to leave unsaid the wrong thing at the tempting moment. -Benjamin Franklin': 1} 
stocking {'If my children wake up on Christmas morning and have someone to thank for putting candy in their stocking, have I no one to thank for putting two feet in mine? -GK Chesterton': 1} 
begins {'Wisdom begins at the end. -Daniel Webster': 1, "The right to swing my fist ends where the other man's nose begins. -Oliver Wendell Holmes": 1, 'Let us not forget that the cultivation of the earth is the most important labor of man. When tillage begins, other arts will follow. The farmers, therefore, are the founders of civilization. -Daniel Webster': 1, 'A word is dead when it is said, some say. I say it just begins to live that day. -Emily Dickinson': 1, 'A journey of a thousand miles begins with a single step. -Confucius': 1, 'Where knowledge ends, religion begins. -Benjamin Disraeli': 1} 
mercy {"May God have mercy upon my enemies, because I won't. -George Patton": 1, 'Children are innocent and love justice, while most adults are wicked and prefer mercy. -GK Chesterton': 1, 'It is the madness of folly, to expect mercy from those who have refused to do justice; and even mercy, where conquest is the object, is only a trick of war; the cunning of the fox is as murderous as the violence of the wolf. -Thomas Paine': 2} 
unbelief {'There is no strength in unbelief. Even the unbelief of what is false is no source of might. It is the truth shining from behind that gives the strength to disbelieve. -George MacDonald': 2} 
soonest {"We all want progress, but if you're on the wrong road, progress means doing an about-turn and walking back to the right road; in that case, the man who turns back soonest is the most progressive. -C.S. Lewis": 1} 
likely {'Those who forget good and evil and seek only to know the facts are more likely to achieve good than those who view the world through the distorting medium of their own desires. -Bertrand Russell': 1, 'When the human race has once acquired a supersitition nothing short of death is ever likely to remove it. -Mark Twain': 1} 
nations {'The great nations have always acted like gangsters, and the small nations like prostitutes. -Stanley Kubrick': 2, "The days of looking the other way while despotic regimes trample human rights, rob their nations' wealth, and then excuse their failings by feeding their people a steady diet of anti-Western hatred are over. -Dick Cheney": 1, 'If the United Nations once admits that international disputes can be settled by using force, then we will have destroyed the foundation of the organization and our best hope of establishing a world order. -Dwight Eisenhower': 1, 'As Mankind becomes more liberal, they will be more apt to allow that all those who conduct themselves as worthy members of the community are equally entitled to the protections of civil government. I hope ever to see America among the foremost nations of justice and liberality. -George Washington': 1, 'Democratic nations must try to find ways to starve the terrorist and the hijacker of the oxygen of publicity on which they depend. -Margaret Thatcher': 1} 
preparation {'There are no secrets to success. It is the result of preparation, hard work, and learning from failure. -Colin Powell': 1, 'Politics is perhaps the only profession for which no preparation is thought necessary. -Robert Louis Stevenson': 1} 
matter {'Everything except God has some natural superior; everything except unformed matter has some natural inferior. -C.S. Lewis': 1, 'Never discourage anyone who continually makes progress, no matter how slow. -Plato': 1, 'On account of being a democracy and run by the people, we are the only nation in the world that has to keep a government four years, no matter what it does. -Will Rogers': 1, 'No matter how much cats fight, there always seem to be plenty of kittens. -Abraham Lincoln': 1, "We've got to live. No matter how many skies have fallen. -D.H. Lawrence": 1, "No matter what they're charging to get in, it's worth more to get out. -Roger Ebert": 1} 
interrelated {'Whatever affects one directly, affects all indirectly. I can never be what I ought to be until you are what you ought to be. This is the interrelated structure of reality. -Martin Luther King Jr.': 1} 
endure {'I believe this government cannot endure permanently half slave and half free. -Abraham Lincoln': 1, 'Most modern freedom is at root fear. It is not so much that we are too bold to endure rules; it is rather that we are too timid to endure responsibilities. -GK Chesterton': 2} 
genders {"I realise that I'm making gender-based generalizations here, but my feeling is that if God did not want us to make gender-based generalizations, She would not have given us genders. -Dave Barry": 1} 
hacking {'There are a thousand hacking at the branches of evil to one who is striking at the root. -Henry Thoreau': 1} 
feeling {'What is happiness? The feeling that power is growing, that resistance is overcome. -Friedrich Nietzsche': 1, "I realise that I'm making gender-based generalizations here, but my feeling is that if God did not want us to make gender-based generalizations, She would not have given us genders. -Dave Barry": 1, "One of the great attractions of patriotism -- it fulfills our worst wishes. In the person of our nation we are able, vicariously, to bully and cheat. Bully and cheat, what's more, with a feeling that we are profoundly virtuous. -Aldous Huxley": 1, 'To know what is impenetrable to us really exists, manifesting itself as the highest wisdom and the most radiant beauty...this knowledge, this feeling is at the center of true religiousness. -Albert Einstein': 1} 
powers {'Happiness is the full use of your powers along lines of excellence. -John F. Kennedy': 1, 'Under the doctrine of the separation of powers, the manner in which the president personally exercises his assigned executive powers is not subject to questioning by another branch of government. -Richard Nixon': 2, 'No passion so effectually robs the mind of all its powers of acting and reasoning as fear. -Edmund Burke': 1} 
minus {'Serious sport has nothing to do with fair play. It is bound up with hatred, jealousy, boastfulness, disregard of all rules and sadistic pleasure in witnessing violence. In other words: it is war minus the shooting. -George Orwell': 1} 
acquisition {'In the councils of government, we must guard against the acquisition of unwarranted influence, whether sought or unsought, by the military-industrial complex. -Dwight Eisenhower': 1} 
extracting {'The art of being happy lies in the power of extracting happiness from common things. -Henry Ward Beecher': 1} 
bridge {"I once said cynically of a politician, 'He'll doublecross that bridge when he comes to it.' -Oscar Levant": 1} 
acclaim {'Humility must always be the portion of any man who receives acclaim earned in blood of his followers and sacrifices of his friends. -Dwight Eisenhower': 1} 
sees {'One definition of an economist is somebody who sees something happen in practice and wonders if it will work in theory. -Ronald Reagan': 1, 'He that would live in peace and at ease must not speak all he knows or all he sees. -Benjamin Franklin': 1} 
lawyer {'If you are resolutely determined to make a lawyer of yourself, the thing is more than half done already. -Abraham Lincoln': 1} 
franklin jones {'Experience is that marvelous thing that enables you to recognize a mistake when you make it again. -Franklin Jones': 1} 
modern {'Most modern freedom is at root fear. It is not so much that we are too bold to endure rules; it is rather that we are too timid to endure responsibilities. -GK Chesterton': 1, 'By a curious confusion, many modern critics have passed from the proposition that a masterpiece may be unpopular to the other proposition that unless it is unpopular it cannot be a masterpiece. -GK Chesterton': 1, 'No doubt those who really founded modern science were usually those whose love of truth exceeded their love of power. -C.S. Lewis': 1} 
mind {"It is necessary for the welfare of society that genius should be privileged to utter sedition, to blaspheme, to outrage good taste, to corrupt the youthful mind, and generally to scandalize one's uncles. -George Bernard Shaw": 1, "What a man's mind can create, man's character can control. -Thomas Edison": 1, 'It is your mind that creates this world. -Siddhartha Buddha': 1, 'No passion so effectually robs the mind of all its powers of acting and reasoning as fear. -Edmund Burke': 1, 'The mind of the thoroughly well-informed man is a dreadful thing. It is like a bric-\xe0-brac shop, all monsters and dust, with everything priced above its proper value. -Oscar Wilde': 1, 'As every divided kingdom falls, so every mind divided between many studies confounds and saps itself. -Leonardo da Vinci': 1, 'What we are today comes from our thoughts of yesterday and our present thoughts build our life tomorrow. Our life is the creation of our mind. -Siddhartha Buddha': 1, 'Beauty is ever to the lonely mind a shadow fleeting; she is never plain. She is a visitor who leaves behind the gift of grief, the souvenir of pain. -Christopher Morley': 1, "We all wish to be judged by our peers, by the men 'after our own heart.' Only they really know our mind and only they judge it by standards we fully acknowledge. Theirs is the praise we really covet and the blame we really dread. The little pockets of early Chrstians survived because they cared exclusively for the love of 'the bretheren' and stopped their ears to the opinion of the Pagan society around them. But a circle of criminals, cranks, or perverts survives in just the same way; by becoming deaf to the opinion of the outer world, by discounting it as the chatter of outsiders who 'don't understand,' of the 'conventional,' the 'bourgeois,' the 'Establishment,' of prigs, prudes, and humbugs. -C.S. Lewis": 1, 'Too many poets delude themselves by thinking that the mind is dangerous and must be left out. Well, the mind is dangerous and must be left in. -Robert Frost': 2, 'It is always thus, impelled by a state of mind which is destined not to last, that we make our irrevocable decisions. -Marcel Proust': 1, 'The heart has its reasons, of which the mind knows nothing. -Blaise Pascal': 1, 'Games lubricate the body and the mind. -Benjamin Franklin': 1, 'A mind that is stretched by a new experience can never go back to its old dimensions. -Oliver Wendell Holmes': 1, 'My mind is my own church. -Thomas Paine': 1} 
mine {'I have gathered a posie of other men\x92s flowers, and nothing but the thread that binds them is mine own. -John Bartlett': 1, 'If my children wake up on Christmas morning and have someone to thank for putting candy in their stocking, have I no one to thank for putting two feet in mine? -GK Chesterton': 1} 
pigs {'Dogs look up to you. Cats look down on you. Pigs treat you like equals. -Winston Churchill': 1} 
spent {'I feel impelled to speak today in a language that in a sense is new-one which I, who have spent so much of my life in the military profession, would have preferred never to use. That new language is the language of atomic warfare. -Dwight Eisenhower': 1, 'There are perhaps no days of our childhood we lived so fully as those we spent with a favorite book. -Marcel Proust': 1} 
talking {"I don't always know what I'm talking about but I know I'm right. -Muhammad Ali": 1} 
seed {"I planted some bird seed. A bird came up. Now I don't know what to feed it. -Steven Wright": 1} 
manner {'A Native American elder once described his own inner struggles in this manner: Inside of me there are two dogs. One of the dogs is mean and evil. The other dog is good. The mean dog fights the good dog all the time. When asked which dog wins, he reflected. -George Bernard Shaw': 1, 'Under the doctrine of the separation of powers, the manner in which the president personally exercises his assigned executive powers is not subject to questioning by another branch of government. -Richard Nixon': 1} 
impelled {'I feel impelled to speak today in a language that in a sense is new-one which I, who have spent so much of my life in the military profession, would have preferred never to use. That new language is the language of atomic warfare. -Dwight Eisenhower': 1, 'It is always thus, impelled by a state of mind which is destined not to last, that we make our irrevocable decisions. -Marcel Proust': 1} 
seen {'Not only does God play dice, but he sometimes throws them where they cannot be seen. -Stephen Hawking': 1, "I have a hobby...I have the world's largest collection of sea shells. I keep it scattered on beaches all over the world. Maybe you've seen some of it... -Steven Wright": 1, 'My dream is of a place and a time where America will once again be seen as the last best hope of earth. -Abraham Lincoln': 1, 'A truly great book should be read in youth, again in maturity and once more in old age, as a fine building should be seen by morning light, at noon and by moonlight. -Robertson Davies': 1, 'The best and most beautiful things in the world cannot be seen or even touched. They must be felt with the heart. -Helen Keller': 1, 'I hate war as only a soldier who has lived it can, only as one who has seen its brutality, its futility, its stupidity. -Dwight Eisenhower': 1} 
seem {"We seem to be going through a period of nostalgia, and everyone seems to think yesterday was better than today. I don't think it was, and I would advise you not to wait ten years before admitting today was great. If you're hung up on nostalgia, pretend today is yesterday and just go out and have one hell of a time. -Art Buchwald": 1, 'Many who seem to be struggling with adversity are happy; many, amid great affluence, are utterly miserable. -Tacitus': 1, 'No matter how much cats fight, there always seem to be plenty of kittens. -Abraham Lincoln': 1, 'Man was made for action, and to promote by the exertion of his faculties such changes in the external circumstances both of himself and others, as may seem most favourable to the happiness of all. -Adam Smith': 1, 'The Democrats seem to be basically nicer people, but they have demonstrated time and again that they have the management skills of celery. -Dave Barry': 1} 
madonna ciccone {'Children always understand. They have open minds. They have built-in shit detectors. -Madonna Ciccone': 1} 
seek {'Those who forget good and evil and seek only to know the facts are more likely to achieve good than those who view the world through the distorting medium of their own desires. -Bertrand Russell': 1, 'The writer\x92s job is not to judge, but to seek to understand. -Ernest Hemingway': 1, 'Freedom is the right to question and change the established way of doing things. It is the continuous revolution of the marketplace. It is the understanding that allows us to recognize shortcomings and seek solutions. -Ronald Reagan': 1} 
tells {"A man's very highest moment is, I have no doubt at all, when he kneels in the dust, and beats his breast, and tells all the sins of his life. -Oscar Wilde": 1, 'A good novel tells us the truth about its hero; but a bad novel tells us the truth about its author. -GK Chesterton': 2} 
dozen {'Everyone is in awe of the lion tamer in a cage with half a dozen lions -- everyone but a school bus driver. -Laurence Peter': 1} 
strength {'There is no strength in unbelief. Even the unbelief of what is false is no source of might. It is the truth shining from behind that gives the strength to disbelieve. -George MacDonald': 2, 'Our nettlesome task is to discover how to organize our strength into compelling power. -Martin Luther King Jr.': 1, 'A powerful idea communicates some of its strength to him who challenges it. -Marcel Proust': 1} 
wholesome {'Liberty exists in proportion to wholesome restraint. -Daniel Webster': 1} 
siddhartha buddha {'I never see what has been done; I only see what remains to be done. -Siddhartha Buddha': 1, 'What we are today comes from our thoughts of yesterday and our present thoughts build our life tomorrow. Our life is the creation of our mind. -Siddhartha Buddha': 1, 'It is your mind that creates this world. -Siddhartha Buddha': 1, 'An idea that is developed and put into action is more important than an idea that exists only as an idea. -Siddhartha Buddha': 1} 
responsible {'The laws of gravity cannot be held responsible for people falling in love. -Albert Einstein': 1, "I'm a middle age white guy, which means I'm constantly reminded that my particular group is responsible for the oppression of every known minority PLUS most wars PLUS government corruption PLUS pollution of the environment, not to mention that it was middle-age white guys who killed Bambi's mom. -Dave Barry": 1, "If you could kick the person in the pants responsible for most of your trouble, you wouldn't sit for a month. -Theodore Roosevelt": 1} 
snow {'How did it happen that their lips came together? How does it happen that birds sing, that snow melts, that the rose unfolds, that the dawn whitens behind the stark shapes of trees on the quivering summit of the hill? A kiss, and all was said. -Victor Hugo': 1} 
sound {'I love deadlines. I especially like the whooshing sound they make as they go flying by. -Douglas Adams': 1, 'Money can help you to get medicines but not health. Money can help you to get soft pillows, but not sound sleep. Money can help you to get material comforts, but not eternal bliss. Money can help you to get ornaments, but not beauty. Money will help you to get an electric earphone, but not natural hearing. Attain the supreme wealth, wisdom, and you will have everything. -Benjamin Franklin': 1} 
guns {'To defend Western Europe we have to let the Pentagon buy all these tanks and guns and things, and the Pentagon is unable to buy any object that that costs less than a condominium in Vail. If the Pentagon needs, say, fruit, it will argue that it must have fruit that can withstand the rigors of combat conditions, and it will wind up purchasing the FX-700 Seedless Tactical Grape, which will cost $160,000 per bunch, and will have an 83 percent failure rate. -Dave Barry': 1} 
subjects {'Government consists in nothing else but so controlling subjects that they shall neither be able to, nor have cause to do it harm. -Nicolo Machiavelli': 1} 
luxury {'There is luxury in self-reproach. When we blame ourselves, we feel no one else has a right to blame us. -Oscar Wilde': 1} 
doors {'Good manners will open doors that the best education cannot. -Clarence Thomas': 1} 
shelf {"The puritanism of Christianity has played havoc with the moderation that an enlightened and tolerant critical spirit would have produced. I've noticed that in whatever country, county, town, or other region there is a regulation enjoining temperance, the population seems to be entirely composed of teetotallers and drunkards. There's a Bible on that shelf there. But I keep it next to Voltaire - poison and antidote. -Bertrand Russell": 1} 
aristocratic {'The surface of American society is covered with a layer of democratic paint, but from time to time one can see the old aristocratic colours breaking through. -Alexis de Tocqueville': 1} 
effectiveness {"Without computers, the government would be unable to function at the level of effectiveness and efficiency that we have come to expect.  This is because the primary function of the government is -- and here I am quoting directly from the U.S. Constitution -- 'to spew out paper.' -Dave Barry": 1} 
carl sandburg {'Slang is the language which takes off its coat, spits on its hands - and goes to work. -Carl Sandburg': 1} 
who've {"There are some who've forgotten why we have a military. It's not to promote war; it's to be prepared for peace. -Ronald Reagan": 1} 
nobody {'Nobody expects to trust his body overmuch after the age of fifty. -Alexander Hamilton': 1, 'Nobody can have the consolations of religion or philosophy unless he has first experienced their desolations. -Aldous Huxley': 1} 
incapable {'Like many intellectuals, he was incapable of saying a simple thing in a simple way. -Marcel Proust': 1} 
lion {'Everyone is in awe of the lion tamer in a cage with half a dozen lions -- everyone but a school bus driver. -Laurence Peter': 1} 
though {'Though I am not naturally honest, I am sometimes by chance. -William Shakespeare': 1, 'That the innocent, though they may have some connexion or dependency upon the guilty (which, perhaps, they themselves cannot help), should not, upon that account, suffer or be punished for the guilty, is one of the plainest and most obvious rules of justice. -Adam Smith': 1, 'Nothing before had ever made me thoroughly realise, though I had read various scientific books, that science consists in grouping facts so that general laws or conclusions may be drawn from them. -Charles Darwin': 1, 'Though force can protect in emergency, only justice, fairness, consideration and cooperation can finally lead men to the dawn of eternal peace. -Dwight Eisenhower': 1, 'To you taxpayers out there, let me say this: Make sure you file your tax return on time! And remember that, even though income taxes can be a \x93pain in the neck,\x94 the folks at the IRS are regular people just like you, except that they can destroy your life. -Dave Barry': 1} 
object {'Such is the delicacy of man alone, that no object is produced to his liking. He finds that in everything there is need for improvement. The whole industry of human life is employed not in procuring the supply of our three humble necessities, food, clothes and lodging, but in procuring the conveniences of it according to the nicety and delicacy of our tastes. -Adam Smith': 1, 'To defend Western Europe we have to let the Pentagon buy all these tanks and guns and things, and the Pentagon is unable to buy any object that that costs less than a condominium in Vail. If the Pentagon needs, say, fruit, it will argue that it must have fruit that can withstand the rigors of combat conditions, and it will wind up purchasing the FX-700 Seedless Tactical Grape, which will cost $160,000 per bunch, and will have an 83 percent failure rate. -Dave Barry': 1, 'Women are the only realists; their whole object in life is to pit their realism against the extravagant, excessive, and occasionally drunken idealism of men. -GK Chesterton': 1, 'The object of war is not to die for your country but to make the other bastard die for his. -George Patton': 1, 'War - an act of violence whose object is to constrain the enemy, to accomplish our will. -George Washington': 1, 'This does not mean that the enemy is to be allowed to escape. The object is to make him believe that there is a road to safety, and thus prevent his fighting with the courage of despair. After that, you may crush him. -Sun Tzu': 1, 'The object of teaching a child is to enable him to get along without a teacher. -Elbert Hubbard': 1, 'It is the madness of folly, to expect mercy from those who have refused to do justice; and even mercy, where conquest is the object, is only a trick of war; the cunning of the fox is as murderous as the violence of the wolf. -Thomas Paine': 1} 
prohibitive {'Idealism is fine, but as it approaches reality, the costs become prohibitive. -William F. Buckley': 1} 
exercised {"Of all tyrannies, a tyranny exercised for the good of its victims may be the most oppressive. It may be better to live under robber barons than under omnipotent moral busybodies. The robber baron's cruelty may sometimes sleep, his cupidity may at some point be satiated; but those who torment us for our own good will torment us without end, for they do so with the approval of their own conscience. -C.S. Lewis": 1} 
regular {"Instead of a trap door, what about a trap window? The guy looks out it, and if he leans too far, he falls out. Wait. I guess that's like a regular window. -Jack Handey": 1, 'To you taxpayers out there, let me say this: Make sure you file your tax return on time! And remember that, even though income taxes can be a \x93pain in the neck,\x94 the folks at the IRS are regular people just like you, except that they can destroy your life. -Dave Barry': 1} 
mouth {'It is better to keep your mouth closed and let people think you are a fool than to open it and remove all doubt. -Mark Twain': 1, "Unless the religious claims of the Bible are again acknowledged, its literary claims will, I think, be given only 'mouth honour' and that decreasingly. -C.S. Lewis": 1} 
letter {'To write a good love letter, you ought to begin without knowing what you mean to say and to finish without knowing what you have written. -Jean-Jacques Rousseau': 1, "I didn't attend the funeral, but I sent a nice letter saying I approved of it. -Mark Twain": 1, 'I made this letter longer than usual because I lack the time to make it short. -Blaise Pascal': 1} 
organization {'If the United Nations once admits that international disputes can be settled by using force, then we will have destroyed the foundation of the organization and our best hope of establishing a world order. -Dwight Eisenhower': 1} 
exercises {'Under the doctrine of the separation of powers, the manner in which the president personally exercises his assigned executive powers is not subject to questioning by another branch of government. -Richard Nixon': 1} 
proverb {"Money never made a man happy yet, nor will it. There is nothing in its nature to produce happiness. The more a man has, the more he wants. Instead of its filling a vacuum, it makes one. If it satisfies one want, it doubles and trebles that want another way. That was a true proverb of the wise man, rely upon it; ''Better is little with the fear of the Lord, than great treasure, and trouble therewith. -Benjamin Franklin": 1} 
jean {'To write a good love letter, you ought to begin without knowing what you mean to say and to finish without knowing what you have written. -Jean-Jacques Rousseau': 1} 
parting {'Parting is all we know of heaven and all we need to know of hell. -Emily Dickinson': 1} 
glow {'We are all worms, but I do believe I am a glow-worm. -Winston Churchill': 1} 
girl's {"To find out a girl's faults, praise her to her girl friends. -Benjamin Franklin": 1} 
initiator {'It must be remembered that there is nothing more difficult to plan, more doubtful of success nor more dangerous to manage than the creation of a new system. For the initiator has the enmity of all who profit by the preservation of the old institution and merely lukewarm defenders in those who would gain by the new one. -Nicolo Machiavelli': 1} 
observation {'The power of accurate observation is commonly called cynicism by those who have not got it. -George Bernard Shaw': 1} 
professor {"A University of Chicago professor said the greatest day in the world was when a water puppy crawled out on land and decided to stay. The water puppy, he said, went on to become a man. If he proves that, I am willing to give up Christmas, Thanksgiving, and New Year's Day, and to celebrate Water Puppy Day. -William Jennings Bryan": 1} 
detectors {'Children always understand. They have open minds. They have built-in shit detectors. -Madonna Ciccone': 1} 
dog {'A Native American elder once described his own inner struggles in this manner: Inside of me there are two dogs. One of the dogs is mean and evil. The other dog is good. The mean dog fights the good dog all the time. When asked which dog wins, he reflected. -George Bernard Shaw': 4} 
breathes {'Even if there is only one possible unified theory, it is just a set of rules and equations. What is it that breathes fire into the equations and makes a universe for them to describe? -Stephen Hawking': 1} 
eleanor roosevelt {'In the long run, we shape our lives and we shape ourselves. The process never ends until we die, and the choices that we make are ultimately our responsibility. -Eleanor Roosevelt': 1, "I think, at a child's birth, if a mother could ask a fairy godmother to endow it with the most useful gift, that gift should be curiosity. -Eleanor Roosevelt": 1, 'The giving of love is an education in itself. -Eleanor Roosevelt': 1, 'No one can make you feel inferior without your consent. -Eleanor Roosevelt': 1} 
reputation {'To have the reputation of possessing the most perfect social tact, talk to every woman as if you loved her, and to every man as if he bored you. -Oscar Wilde': 1, 'Few people think more than two or three times a year. I have made an international reputation for myself by thinking once or twice a week. -George Bernard Shaw': 1, "You can't build a reputation on what you are going to do. -Henry Ford": 1, "Many a man's reputation would not know his character if they met on the street. -Elbert Hubbard": 1, "Associate yourself with men of good quality if you esteem your own reputation; for 'tis better to be alone than in bad company. -George Washington": 1} 
principle {'The first principle is that you must not fool yourself - and you are the easiest person to fool. -Richard P. Feynman': 1, 'If there is any principle of the Constitution that more imperatively calls for attachment than any other it is the principle of free thought, not free thought for those who agree with us but freedom for the thought that we hate. -Oliver Wendell Holmes': 2, 'Every difference of opinion is not a difference of principle. We have called by different names brethren of the same principle. -Thomas Jefferson': 2} 
notion {'It is the dissimilarities and inequalities among men which give rise to the notion of honor; as such differences become less, it grows feeble; and when they disappear, it will vanish too. -Alexis de Tocqueville': 1, 'Trust the people. This is the one irrefutable lesson of the entire postwar period contradicting the notion that rigid government controls are essential to economic development. -Ronald Reagan': 1} 
came {"I planted some bird seed. A bird came up. Now I don't know what to feed it. -Steven Wright": 1, "I had a dream the other night. I dreamed that Jimmy Carter came to me and asked why I wanted his job. I told him I didn't want his job. I want to be President. -Ronald Reagan": 1, 'How did it happen that their lips came together? How does it happen that birds sing, that snow melts, that the rose unfolds, that the dawn whitens behind the stark shapes of trees on the quivering summit of the hill? A kiss, and all was said. -Victor Hugo': 1} 
stephen king {"Life is not a support system for art. It's the other way around. -Stephen King": 1} 
saying {"Don't go around saying the world owes you a living. The world owes you nothing. It was here first. -Mark Twain": 1, 'A typical vice of American politics is the avoidance of saying anything real on real issues. -Theodore Roosevelt': 1, "I didn't attend the funeral, but I sent a nice letter saying I approved of it. -Mark Twain": 1, 'Like many intellectuals, he was incapable of saying a simple thing in a simple way. -Marcel Proust': 1, "When we got into office, the thing that surprised me the most was that things were as bad as we'd been saying they were. -John F. Kennedy": 1} 
cooking {'Cooking was invented in prehistoric times, when a primitive tribe had a lucky accident. The tribe had killed an animal and was going to eat it raw, when a tribe member named Woog tripped and dropped it into the fire. At first the other tribe members were angry at Woog, but then, as the aroma of burning meat filled the air, they had an idea. So they ate Woog raw. -Dave Barry': 1} 
bomb {'A star on a movie set is like a time bomb. That bomb has got to be defused so people can approach it without fear. -Jack Nicholson': 2} 
inspire {'The time which we have at our disposal every day is elastic; the passions we feel expand it, those that we inspire contract it, and habit fills up what remains. -Marcel Proust': 1} 
pope {"Thus far, the reputed idiot Bush has graduated from Yale and Harvard, made a stack of cash in the oil industry, become the first consecutive-term governor of Texas, defeated a dual-term VP for the presidency, and led his party to [November 5th's] extraordinary triumphs. Let his opponents keep calling him stupid; if they do, within five years Bush will be King of England, the Pope, and world Formula One motor racing champion. -Tim Blair": 1, "I've got more trophies than Wayne Gretzky & The Pope combined! -Homer Simpson": 1} 
unified {'Even if there is only one possible unified theory, it is just a set of rules and equations. What is it that breathes fire into the equations and makes a universe for them to describe? -Stephen Hawking': 1} 
visitor {'Beauty is ever to the lonely mind a shadow fleeting; she is never plain. She is a visitor who leaves behind the gift of grief, the souvenir of pain. -Christopher Morley': 1} 
benjamin tillet {"God help the man who won't marry until he finds a perfect woman, and God help him still more if he finds her. -Benjamin Tillet": 1} 
padded {'We know life is futile. A man who considers that his life is of very wonderful importance is awfully close to a padded cell. -Clarence Darrow': 1} 
colors {"God's colors all are fast. -John Greenleaf Whittier": 1, 'America is not like a blanket: one piece of unbroken cloth, the same color, the same texture, the same size. America is more like a quilt: many patches, many pieces, many colors, many sizes, all woven and held together by a common thread. -Jesse Jackson': 1} 
bulwer {'In life, as in art, the beautiful moves in curves. -Edward Bulwer-Lytton': 1} 
poison {"The puritanism of Christianity has played havoc with the moderation that an enlightened and tolerant critical spirit would have produced. I've noticed that in whatever country, county, town, or other region there is a regulation enjoining temperance, the population seems to be entirely composed of teetotallers and drunkards. There's a Bible on that shelf there. But I keep it next to Voltaire - poison and antidote. -Bertrand Russell": 1} 
wrung {'Love anything and your heart will be wrung and possibly broken. If you want to make sure of keeping it intact you must give it to no one, not even an animal. Wrap it carefully round with hobbies and little luxuries; avoid all entanglements. Lock it up safe in the casket or coffin of your selfishness. But in that casket, safe, dark, motionless, airless, it will change. It will not be broken; it will become unbreakable, impenetrable, irredeemable. To love is to be vulnerable. -C.S. Lewis': 1} 
earth {'There is wishful thinking in Hell as well as on Earth. -C.S. Lewis': 1, 'My dream is of a place and a time where America will once again be seen as the last best hope of earth. -Abraham Lincoln': 1, 'If a man is called to be a streetsweeper, he should sweep streets even as Michelangelo painted, or Beethoven composed music, or Shakespeare wrote poetry. He should sweep streets so well that all the host of heaven and earth will pause to say, here lived a great streetsweeper who did his job well. -Martin Luther King Jr.': 1, 'Let us not forget that the cultivation of the earth is the most important labor of man. When tillage begins, other arts will follow. The farmers, therefore, are the founders of civilization. -Daniel Webster': 1, 'Once you have flown, you will walk the earth with your eyes turned skywards, for there you have been, and there you long to return. -Leonardo da Vinci': 1, 'To assert that the earth revolves around the sun is as erroneous as to claim that Jesus was not born of a virgin. -Cardinal Bellarmine': 1, 'I like television. I still believe that television is the most powerful form of communication on Earth -- I just hate what is being done with it. -Alton Brown': 1, 'New knowledge is the most valuable commodity on earth. The more truth we have to work with, the richer we become. -Kurt Vonnegut': 1} 
lessons {'That men do not learn very much from the lessons of history is the most important of all the lessons of history. -Aldous Huxley': 2} 
crush {'This does not mean that the enemy is to be allowed to escape. The object is to make him believe that there is a road to safety, and thus prevent his fighting with the courage of despair. After that, you may crush him. -Sun Tzu': 1} 
busy {"I think a good gift for the president would be a chocolate revolver. And since he's so busy, you'd probably have to run up to him and hand it to him. -Jack Handey": 1, "Life is what happens to you while you're busy making other plans. -John Lennon": 1} 
quoted {'Hanging is too good for a man who makes puns -- he should be drawn and quoted. -Fred Allen': 1} 
spite {'The greatest happiness of life is the conviction that we are loved, loved for ourselves, or rather, loved in spite of ourselves. -Victor Hugo': 1, 'Against criticism a man can neither protest nor defend himself; he must act in spite of it, and then it will gradually yield to him. -Johann Wolfgang von Goethe': 1} 
delays {"Advice to young writers who want to get ahead without annoying delays: don\x92t write about Man, write about 'a' man. -E.B. White": 1} 
folded {'Question with boldness even the existence of a God; because, if there be one, he must more approve of the homage of reason, than that of blind-folded fear. -Thomas Jefferson': 1} 
celery {'The Democrats seem to be basically nicer people, but they have demonstrated time and again that they have the management skills of celery. -Dave Barry': 1} 
bush {"Thus far, the reputed idiot Bush has graduated from Yale and Harvard, made a stack of cash in the oil industry, become the first consecutive-term governor of Texas, defeated a dual-term VP for the presidency, and led his party to [November 5th's] extraordinary triumphs. Let his opponents keep calling him stupid; if they do, within five years Bush will be King of England, the Pope, and world Formula One motor racing champion. -Tim Blair": 2} 
bliss {'Money can help you to get medicines but not health. Money can help you to get soft pillows, but not sound sleep. Money can help you to get material comforts, but not eternal bliss. Money can help you to get ornaments, but not beauty. Money will help you to get an electric earphone, but not natural hearing. Attain the supreme wealth, wisdom, and you will have everything. -Benjamin Franklin': 1} 
touched {'The best and most beautiful things in the world cannot be seen or even touched. They must be felt with the heart. -Helen Keller': 1, 'The mystic chords of memory, stretching from every battlefield and patriot grave to every living heart and hearthstone all over this broad land, will yet swell the chorus of the Union, when again touched, as surely they will be, by the better angels of our nature. -Abraham Lincoln': 1} 
rich {'What is the most important for democracy is not that great fortunes should not exist, but that great fortunes should not remain in the same hands. In that way there are rich men, but they do not form a class. -Alexis de Tocqueville': 1, 'Egalitarians create the most dangerous inequality of all -- inequality of power. Allowing politicians to determine what all other human beings will be allowed to earn is one of the most reckless gambles imaginable. Like the income tax, it may start off being applied only to the rich but it will inevitably reach us all. -Thomas Sowell': 1, 'If we command our wealth, we shall be rich and free; if our wealth commands us, we are poor indeed. -Edmund Burke': 1, 'The things that will destroy America are prosperity at any price, peace at any price, safety first instead of duty first, the love of soft living and the get rich quick theory of life. -Theodore Roosevelt': 1, "Cocaine is God's way of telling someone that they're too rich. -Robin Williams": 1} 
folks {"Some folks look at me and see a certain swagger, which in Texas is called 'walking.' -George W. Bush": 1, "All I want out of life, is that when I walk down the street folks will say, 'There goes the greatest hitter that ever lived.' -Ted Williams": 1, 'To you taxpayers out there, let me say this: Make sure you file your tax return on time! And remember that, even though income taxes can be a \x93pain in the neck,\x94 the folks at the IRS are regular people just like you, except that they can destroy your life. -Dave Barry': 1} 
rodney dangerfield {"I told my psychiatrist that everyone hates me. He said I was being ridiculous - everyone hasn't met me yet. -Rodney Dangerfield": 1} 
personality {'Humility is no substitute for a good personality. -Fran Lebowitz': 1, 'We should take care not to make the intellect our god; it has, of course, powerful muscles, but no personality. -Albert Einstein': 1} 
do {'Facts do not cease to exist because they are ignored. -Aldous Huxley': 1, "You do not lead by hitting people over the head \x97 that's assault, not leadership. -Dwight Eisenhower": 1, 'We do survive every moment, after all, except the last one. -John Updike': 1, "I have come to the conclusion that my subjective account of my motivation is largely mythical on almost all occasions. I don't know why I do things. -J.B.S. Haldane": 1, 'There are fathers who do not love their children; there is no grandfather who does not adore his grandson. -Victor Hugo': 1, "Being president is like being a jackass in a hailstorm. There's nothing to do but stand there and take it. -Lyndon B. Johnson": 1, 'The first thing I do in the morning is brush my teeth and sharpen my tongue. -Dorothy Parker': 1, 'In any moment of decision, the best thing you can do is the right thing. The worst thing you can do is nothing. -Theodore Roosevelt': 2, 'What you do speaks so loudly that I cannot hear what you say. -Ralph Waldo Emerson': 1, 'No man will make a great leader who wants to do it all himself or get all the credit for doing it. -Andrew Carnegie': 1, 'We have to make America the best place in the world to do business. -Dick Cheney': 1, 'No sooner do we depart from sense and instinct to follow reason but we are insensibly drawn into uncouth paradoxes, difficulties, and inconsistencies, which multiply and grow upon us as we advance in speculation; till at length, having wandered through many intricate mazes, we find ourselves just where we were, or, which is worse, sit down in a forlorn scepticism. -George Berkeley': 1, "Accept good advice gracefully--as long as it doesn't interfere with what you intended to do in the first place. -Gene Brown": 1, "You should do your own car repairs. It's an easy way to save money and possibly maim yourself for life. -Dave Barry": 1, 'Why, you can take the most gallant sailor, the most intrepid airman or the most audacious soldier, put them at a table together - what do you get? The sum of their fears. -Winston Churchill': 1, 'I do not believe one can settle how much we ought to give. I am afraid the only safe rule is to give more than we can spare. -C.S. Lewis': 1, 'Reason is experimental intelligence, conceived after the pattern of science, and used in the creation of social arts; it has something to do. It liberates man from the bondage of the past, due to ignorance and accident hardened into custom. It projects a better future and assists man in its realization. -John Dewey': 1, 'Let us have faith that right makes might, and in that faith, let us, to the end, dare to do our duty as we understand it. -Abraham Lincoln': 1, "What sunshine is to flowers, smiles are to humanity. These are but trifles, to be sure; but scattered along life's pathway, the good they do is inconceivable. -Joseph Addison": 1, '\x93Take a chance! All life is a chance. The man who goes farthest is generally the one who is willing to do and dare. -Dale Carnegie': 1, 'Either write something worth reading or do something worth writing. -Benjamin Franklin': 1, 'When in doubt, do it. -Oliver Wendell Holmes': 1, 'This will never be a civilized country until we expend more money for books than we do for chewing gum. -Elbert Hubbard': 1, 'The thought of being president frightens me. I do not think I want the job. -Ronald Reagan': 1, "Of all tyrannies, a tyranny exercised for the good of its victims may be the most oppressive. It may be better to live under robber barons than under omnipotent moral busybodies. The robber baron's cruelty may sometimes sleep, his cupidity may at some point be satiated; but those who torment us for our own good will torment us without end, for they do so with the approval of their own conscience. -C.S. Lewis": 1, 'That men do not learn very much from the lessons of history is the most important of all the lessons of history. -Aldous Huxley': 1, 'If men will not act for themselves, what will they do when the benefit of their effort is for all? -Elbert Hubbard': 1, 'Would you live with ease? Do what you ought, not what you please. -Benjamin Franklin': 1, 'We are all worms, but I do believe I am a glow-worm. -Winston Churchill': 1, 'Serious sport has nothing to do with fair play. It is bound up with hatred, jealousy, boastfulness, disregard of all rules and sadistic pleasure in witnessing violence. In other words: it is war minus the shooting. -George Orwell': 1, 'The difference between sex and death is that with death you can do it alone and no one is going to make fun of you. -Woody Allen': 1, "When they call the roll in the Senate, the Senators do not know whether to answer 'Present' or 'Not guilty.' -Theodore Roosevelt": 1, "I'm never going to be famous. My name will never be writ large on the roster of Those Who Do Things. I don't do any thing. Not one single thing. I used to bite my nails, but I don't even do that any more. -Dorothy Parker": 3, 'Of course the people dont want war...that is understood. But voice or no voice, the people can always be brought to the bidding of the leaders. That is easy. All you have to do is tell them they are being attacked, and denounce the pacifists for lack of patriotism and exposing the country to danger. It works the same in any country. -Hermann Goering': 1, 'Ask not what your country can do for you - ask what you can do for your country. -John F. Kennedy': 2, "Don't join the book burners. Do not think you are going to conceal thoughts by concealing evidence that they ever existed. -Dwight Eisenhower": 1, 'I confess, I do not believe in time. -Vladimir Nabokov': 1, 'We are what we repeatedly do. Excellence, therefore, is not an act, but a habit. -Aristotle': 1, 'The thing we all have to understand to put these last two years in focus, is that liberals in this country care more about whether European leaders like us than they do about whether terrorists are killing us. -Rush Limbaugh': 1, "Thus far, the reputed idiot Bush has graduated from Yale and Harvard, made a stack of cash in the oil industry, become the first consecutive-term governor of Texas, defeated a dual-term VP for the presidency, and led his party to [November 5th's] extraordinary triumphs. Let his opponents keep calling him stupid; if they do, within five years Bush will be King of England, the Pope, and world Formula One motor racing champion. -Tim Blair": 1, "I just want to do God's will. -Martin Luther King Jr.": 1, 'I believe one of the reasons so many do not get a higher education is the fear of their parents that they will lose more morally than they will receive mentally. -William Jennings Bryan': 1, "The only way to keep your health is to eat what you don't want, drink what you don't like, and do what you'd rather not. -Mark Twain": 1, 'It is the madness of folly, to expect mercy from those who have refused to do justice; and even mercy, where conquest is the object, is only a trick of war; the cunning of the fox is as murderous as the violence of the wolf. -Thomas Paine': 1, 'If we do not help a man in trouble, it is as if we caused the trouble. -Nachman of Bratslav': 1, 'Government consists in nothing else but so controlling subjects that they shall neither be able to, nor have cause to do it harm. -Nicolo Machiavelli': 1, 'Some succeed by what they know; some by what they do; and a few by what they are. -Elbert Hubbard': 1, 'The illegal we do immediately. The unconstitutional takes a little longer. -Henry Kissinger': 1, "You can't build a reputation on what you are going to do. -Henry Ford": 1, 'People sleep peaceably in their beds at night only because rough men stand ready to do violence on their behalf. -George Orwell': 1, 'What is the most important for democracy is not that great fortunes should not exist, but that great fortunes should not remain in the same hands. In that way there are rich men, but they do not form a class. -Alexis de Tocqueville': 1, 'Show me your hands. Do they have scars from giving? Show me your feet. Are they wounded in service? Show me your heart. Have you left a place for divine love? -Fulton J. Sheen': 1, 'Three grand essentials to happiness in this life are something to do, something to love, and something to hope for. -Joseph Addison': 1, 'I like your Christ, I do not like your Christians. Your Christians are so unlike your Christ. -Mahatma Gandhi': 1, 'Obstacles do not exist to be surrendered to, but only to be broken. -Adolf Hitler': 1, 'Do good by stealth, and blush to find it fame. -Alexander Pope': 1, 'Words which do not give the light of Christ increase the darkness. -Mother Teresa': 1} 
establishes {'He that would make his own liberty secure, must guard even his enemy from opposition; for if he violates this duty he establishes a precedent that will reach himself. -Thomas Paine': 1} 
doublecross {"I once said cynically of a politician, 'He'll doublecross that bridge when he comes to it.' -Oscar Levant": 1} 
plato {'Never discourage anyone who continually makes progress, no matter how slow. -Plato': 1, 'Must not all things at the last be swallowed up in death? -Plato': 1, 'Plato was a bore. -Friedrich Nietzsche': 1, 'You are young, my son, and, as the years go by, time will change and even reverse many of your present opinions. Refrain therefore awhile from setting yourself up as a judge of the highest matters. -Plato': 1, 'The hour of departure has arrived, and we go our ways - I to die, and you to live. Which is better God only knows. -Plato': 1, 'The direction in which education starts a man will determine his future life. -Plato': 1, 'You can discover more about a person in an hour of play than in a year of conversation. -Plato': 1, 'He who is of calm and happy nature will hardly feel the pressure of age, but to him who is of an opposite disposition youth and age are equally a burden. -Plato': 1} 
stop {'Take time to deliberate, but when the time for action has arrived, stop thinking and go in. -Napoleon Bonaparte': 1, "When you stop giving and offering something to the rest of the world, it's time to turn out the lights. -George Burns": 1, "Reality is that which, when you stop believing in it, doesn't go away. -Phillip K. Dick": 1, "Playwriting gets into your blood and you can't stop it. At least, not until the producers or the public tell you to. -T.S. Eliot": 1, 'If people don\x92t come to the games, you can\x92t stop them. -Yogi Berra': 1} 
denounce {'Of course the people dont want war...that is understood. But voice or no voice, the people can always be brought to the bidding of the leaders. That is easy. All you have to do is tell them they are being attacked, and denounce the pacifists for lack of patriotism and exposing the country to danger. It works the same in any country. -Hermann Goering': 1} 
preferred {'I feel impelled to speak today in a language that in a sense is new-one which I, who have spent so much of my life in the military profession, would have preferred never to use. That new language is the language of atomic warfare. -Dwight Eisenhower': 1, 'Probable impossibilities are to be preferred to improbable possibilities. -Aristotle': 1} 
repsect {"We must repsect the other fellow's religion, but only in the sense and to the extent that we respect his theory that his wife is beautiful and his children are smart. -Henry Mencken": 1} 
john lennon {"Life is what happens to you while you're busy making other plans. -John Lennon": 1, "My role in society, or any artist's or poet's role, is to try and express what we all feel. Not to tell people how to feel. Not as a preacher, not as a leader, but as a reflection of us all. -John Lennon": 1} 
wedding {"What is a wedding? Webster's dictionary defines a wedding as 'the process of removing weeds from one's garden.' -Homer Simpson": 2, 'Wedding: a ceremony at which two persons undertake to become one, one undertakes to become nothing, and nothing undertakes to become supportable. -Ambrose Bierce': 1} 
mazes {'No sooner do we depart from sense and instinct to follow reason but we are insensibly drawn into uncouth paradoxes, difficulties, and inconsistencies, which multiply and grow upon us as we advance in speculation; till at length, having wandered through many intricate mazes, we find ourselves just where we were, or, which is worse, sit down in a forlorn scepticism. -George Berkeley': 1} 
carries {"Learning carries within itself certain dangers because out of necessity one has to learn from one's enemies. -Leon Trotsky": 1} 
nasty {'Every year, back comes Spring, with nasty little birds yapping their fool heads off and the ground all mucked up with plants. -Dorothy Parker': 1} 
napoleon bonaparte {'Alexander, Caesar, Charlemagne, and myself founded empires; but what foundation did we rest the creations of our genius? Upon force. Jesus Christ founded an empire upon love; and at this hour millions of men would die for Him. -Napoleon Bonaparte': 1, 'The act of policing is, in order to punish less often, to punish more severely. -Napoleon Bonaparte': 1, 'Ten people who speak make more noise than ten thousand who are silent. -Napoleon Bonaparte': 1, 'Skepticism is a virtue in history as well as in philosophy. -Napoleon Bonaparte': 1, 'Take time to deliberate, but when the time for action has arrived, stop thinking and go in. -Napoleon Bonaparte': 1} 
vicariously {"One of the great attractions of patriotism -- it fulfills our worst wishes. In the person of our nation we are able, vicariously, to bully and cheat. Bully and cheat, what's more, with a feeling that we are profoundly virtuous. -Aldous Huxley": 1} 
earn {'We are living in a world, where what we earn is a function of what we learn. -Bill Clinton': 1, 'Egalitarians create the most dangerous inequality of all -- inequality of power. Allowing politicians to determine what all other human beings will be allowed to earn is one of the most reckless gambles imaginable. Like the income tax, it may start off being applied only to the rich but it will inevitably reach us all. -Thomas Sowell': 1} 
whooshing {'I love deadlines. I especially like the whooshing sound they make as they go flying by. -Douglas Adams': 1} 
twice {'Few people think more than two or three times a year. I have made an international reputation for myself by thinking once or twice a week. -George Bernard Shaw': 1, "If your kid makes one of those little homemade guitars out of a cigar box and rubber bands, don't let him just play it once or twice and then throw it away. Make him practice on it, every day, for about three hours a day. Later, he'll thank you. -Jack Handey": 1} 
bad {'A good novel tells us the truth about its hero; but a bad novel tells us the truth about its author. -GK Chesterton': 1, "When we got into office, the thing that surprised me the most was that things were as bad as we'd been saying they were. -John F. Kennedy": 1, "Associate yourself with men of good quality if you esteem your own reputation; for 'tis better to be alone than in bad company. -George Washington": 1, 'In the beginning, the universe was created. This made a lot of people very angry, and has been widely regarded as a bad idea. -Douglas Adams': 1, 'Of all bad men religious bad men are the worst. -C.S. Lewis': 2, 'It is only our bad temper that we put down to being tired or worried or hungry; we put our good temper down to ourselves. -C.S. Lewis': 1, 'Corrupt politicians make the other ten percent look bad. -Henry Kissinger': 1} 
require {"It does not require a majority to prevail, but rather an irate, tireless minority keen to set brush fires in people's minds. -Samuel Adams": 1} 
aldous huxley {'Facts do not cease to exist because they are ignored. -Aldous Huxley': 1, 'That men do not learn very much from the lessons of history is the most important of all the lessons of history. -Aldous Huxley': 1, 'Those who believe they are exclusively in the right are generally those who achieve something. -Aldous Huxley': 1, 'Nobody can have the consolations of religion or philosophy unless he has first experienced their desolations. -Aldous Huxley': 1, 'After silence, that which comes nearest to expressing the inexpressible is Music. -Aldous Huxley': 1, "One of the great attractions of patriotism -- it fulfills our worst wishes. In the person of our nation we are able, vicariously, to bully and cheat. Bully and cheat, what's more, with a feeling that we are profoundly virtuous. -Aldous Huxley": 1} 
ears {"We all wish to be judged by our peers, by the men 'after our own heart.' Only they really know our mind and only they judge it by standards we fully acknowledge. Theirs is the praise we really covet and the blame we really dread. The little pockets of early Chrstians survived because they cared exclusively for the love of 'the bretheren' and stopped their ears to the opinion of the Pagan society around them. But a circle of criminals, cranks, or perverts survives in just the same way; by becoming deaf to the opinion of the outer world, by discounting it as the chatter of outsiders who 'don't understand,' of the 'conventional,' the 'bourgeois,' the 'Establishment,' of prigs, prudes, and humbugs. -C.S. Lewis": 1} 
erroneous {'To assert that the earth revolves around the sun is as erroneous as to claim that Jesus was not born of a virgin. -Cardinal Bellarmine': 1} 
bill maher {'We have the Bill of Rights. What we need is a Bill of Responsibilities. -Bill Maher': 1, 'Everything that used to be a sin is now a disease. -Bill Maher': 1} 
fair {'Serious sport has nothing to do with fair play. It is bound up with hatred, jealousy, boastfulness, disregard of all rules and sadistic pleasure in witnessing violence. In other words: it is war minus the shooting. -George Orwell': 1} 
habit {'We are what we repeatedly do. Excellence, therefore, is not an act, but a habit. -Aristotle': 1, 'The time which we have at our disposal every day is elastic; the passions we feel expand it, those that we inspire contract it, and habit fills up what remains. -Marcel Proust': 1, 'All human actions have one or more of these seven causes: chance, nature, compulsions, habit, reason, passion, desire. -Aristotle': 1} 
resist {'One can resist the invasion of an army but one cannot resist the invasion of ideas. -Victor Hugo': 2} 
decided {"A University of Chicago professor said the greatest day in the world was when a water puppy crawled out on land and decided to stay. The water puppy, he said, went on to become a man. If he proves that, I am willing to give up Christmas, Thanksgiving, and New Year's Day, and to celebrate Water Puppy Day. -William Jennings Bryan": 1} 
result {'There is nothing more exhilarating than to be shot at without result. -Winston Churchill': 1, 'There are no secrets to success. It is the result of preparation, hard work, and learning from failure. -Colin Powell': 1} 
reviewer {'Any reviewer who expresses rage and loathing for a novel is preposterous. He or she is like a person who has put on full armor and attacked a hot fudge sundae. -Kurt Vonnegut': 1} 
fail {'It is hard to fail, but it is worse never to have tried to succeed. -Theodore Roosevelt': 1} 
miserable {'Many who seem to be struggling with adversity are happy; many, amid great affluence, are utterly miserable. -Tacitus': 1, 'Always leave something to wish for; otherwise you will be miserable from your very happiness. -Baltasar Gracian': 1} 
earl nightingale {'Our attitude towards others determines their attitude towards us. -Earl Nightingale': 1} 
subject {"Everybody can be great... because anybody can serve. You don't have to have a college degree to serve. You don't have to make your subject and verb agree to serve. You only need a heart full of grace. A soul generated by love. -Martin Luther King Jr.": 1, 'Under the doctrine of the separation of powers, the manner in which the president personally exercises his assigned executive powers is not subject to questioning by another branch of government. -Richard Nixon': 1} 
molehill {'From the prodigious hilltops of New Hampshire, let freedom ring. From the mighty mountains of New York, let freedom ring. From the heightening Alleghenies of Pennsylvania, let freedom ring. But not only that: Let freedom ring from every hill and molehill of Mississippi. -Martin Luther King Jr.': 1} 
said {"I told my psychiatrist that everyone hates me. He said I was being ridiculous - everyone hasn't met me yet. -Rodney Dangerfield": 1, 'Music expresses that which cannot be said and on which it is impossible to be silent. -Victor Hugo': 1, "A University of Chicago professor said the greatest day in the world was when a water puppy crawled out on land and decided to stay. The water puppy, he said, went on to become a man. If he proves that, I am willing to give up Christmas, Thanksgiving, and New Year's Day, and to celebrate Water Puppy Day. -William Jennings Bryan": 2, 'You know what the fellow said: In Italy for thirty years under the Borgias they had warfare, terror, murder, and bloodshed, but they produced Michaelangelo, Leonardo Da Vinci, and the Renaissance. In Switzerland, they had brotherly love--they had five hundred years of democracy and peace, and what did they produce? The cuckoo clock. -Orson Welles': 1, 'I have never been hurt by what I have not said. -Calvin Coolidge': 1, "When this girl at the museum asked me who I liked better, Monet or Manet, I said, 'I like mayonnaise.' She just stared at me, so I said it again, louder. Then she left. I guess she went to try to find some mayonnaise for me. -Jack Handey": 2, 'A word is dead when it is said, some say. I say it just begins to live that day. -Emily Dickinson': 1, "I once said cynically of a politician, 'He'll doublecross that bridge when he comes to it.' -Oscar Levant": 1, 'Maturity is a bitter disappointment for which no remedy exists, unless laughter can be said to remedy anything. -Kurt Vonnegut': 1, 'In politics, if you want anything said, ask a man; if you want anything done, ask a woman. -Margaret Thatcher': 1, 'It is said that gifts persuade even the gods. -Euripides': 1, 'It has been said that man is a rational animal. All my life I have been searching for evidence which could support this. -Bertrand Russell': 1, "I cried because I had no shoes, 'till I met a man who had no feet. So I said, 'You got any shoes you're not using'? -Steven Wright": 1, 'How did it happen that their lips came together? How does it happen that birds sing, that snow melts, that the rose unfolds, that the dawn whitens behind the stark shapes of trees on the quivering summit of the hill? A kiss, and all was said. -Victor Hugo': 1} 
steve martin {"Happiness is so hard to define and foolish to define. Am I acting? That's the worst thing you can ask yourself. You can be happy suddenly. It can spring on you, not when you reach a plateau. You can be happy going backward or going down. You can be happy at the loss of something. -Steve Martin": 1, 'I could not handle being a woman, I would stay home all day and play with my breasts. -Steve Martin': 1} 
temptation {'There are several good protections against temptation, but the surest is cowardice. -Mark Twain': 1} 
lots {'I get to go to lots of overseas places, like Canada. -Britney Spears': 1, 'Politics has got so expensive that it takes lots of money to even get beat with. -Will Rogers': 1} 
away {"You cannot go on 'explaining away' for ever: you will find that you have explained explanation itself away. You cannot go on 'seeing through' things for ever. The whole point of seeing through something is to see something through it. -C.S. Lewis": 2, "If your kid makes one of those little homemade guitars out of a cigar box and rubber bands, don't let him just play it once or twice and then throw it away. Make him practice on it, every day, for about three hours a day. Later, he'll thank you. -Jack Handey": 1, 'Nothing that you have not given away will ever be really yours. -C.S. Lewis': 1, 'Call on God, but row away from the rocks. -Hunter S. Thompson': 1, "Reality is that which, when you stop believing in it, doesn't go away. -Phillip K. Dick": 1, 'Death is psychologically as important as birth. Shrinking away from it is something unhealthy and abnormal which robs the second half of life of its purpose. -Carl Jung': 1, "There are people who put their dreams in a little box and say, Yes, I've got dreams, of course I've got dreams. Then they put the box away and bring it out once in awhile to look in it, and yep, they're still there. -Erna Bombeck": 1, 'When nothing seems to help, I go and look at a stonecutter hammering away at his rock perhaps a hundred times without as much as a crack showing in it. Yet at the hundred and first blow it will split in two, and I know it was not that blow that did it, but all that had gone before. -Jacob August Riis': 1, 'He that fights and runs away, may turn and fight another day; but he that is in battle slain, will never rise to fight again. -Tacitus': 1} 
irs {'To you taxpayers out there, let me say this: Make sure you file your tax return on time! And remember that, even though income taxes can be a \x93pain in the neck,\x94 the folks at the IRS are regular people just like you, except that they can destroy your life. -Dave Barry': 1} 
rings {'Rings and jewels are not gifts but apologies for gifts. The only true gift is a portion of yourself. -Ralph Waldo Emerson': 1} 
continually {'Never discourage anyone who continually makes progress, no matter how slow. -Plato': 1} 
grandmother {"A grandmother pretends she doesn't know who you are on Halloween. -Erna Bombeck": 1} 
there's {"No side will win the Battle of the Sexes. There's too much fraternizing with the enemy. -Henry Kissinger": 1, "You know, there's a million fine looking women in the world, dude. But they don't all bring you lasagna at work. Most of 'em just cheat on you. -Kevin Smith": 1, "I've worked for four presidents and watched two others up close, and I know that there's no such thing as a routine day in the Oval Office. -Dick Cheney": 1, "There's nothing sadder in this world than to awake Christmas morning and not be a child. -Erna Bombeck": 1, "There's no present. There's only the immediate future and the recent past. -George Carlin": 2, "Where there's marriage without love, there will be love without marriage. -Benjamin Franklin": 1, "Being president is like being a jackass in a hailstorm. There's nothing to do but stand there and take it. -Lyndon B. Johnson": 1, "The puritanism of Christianity has played havoc with the moderation that an enlightened and tolerant critical spirit would have produced. I've noticed that in whatever country, county, town, or other region there is a regulation enjoining temperance, the population seems to be entirely composed of teetotallers and drunkards. There's a Bible on that shelf there. But I keep it next to Voltaire - poison and antidote. -Bertrand Russell": 1} 
discovers {'The last thing one discovers in composing a work is what to put first. -Blaise Pascal': 1, 'There is a theory which states that if ever anyone discovers exactly what the Universe is for and why it is here, it will instantly disappear and be replaced by something even more bizarre and inexplicable. There is another theory which states that this has already happened. -Douglas Adams': 1} 
cooperation {'Though force can protect in emergency, only justice, fairness, consideration and cooperation can finally lead men to the dawn of eternal peace. -Dwight Eisenhower': 1} 
simplest {'My aim is to put down on paper what I see and what I feel in the best and simplest way. -Ernest Hemingway': 1} 
drawn {'No sooner do we depart from sense and instinct to follow reason but we are insensibly drawn into uncouth paradoxes, difficulties, and inconsistencies, which multiply and grow upon us as we advance in speculation; till at length, having wandered through many intricate mazes, we find ourselves just where we were, or, which is worse, sit down in a forlorn scepticism. -George Berkeley': 1, 'Hanging is too good for a man who makes puns -- he should be drawn and quoted. -Fred Allen': 1, 'Nothing before had ever made me thoroughly realise, though I had read various scientific books, that science consists in grouping facts so that general laws or conclusions may be drawn from them. -Charles Darwin': 1, "I think it's the duty of the comedian to find out where the line is drawn and cross it deliberately. -George Carlin": 1} 
approach {'A star on a movie set is like a time bomb. That bomb has got to be defused so people can approach it without fear. -Jack Nicholson': 1} 
rigid {'Trust the people. This is the one irrefutable lesson of the entire postwar period contradicting the notion that rigid government controls are essential to economic development. -Ronald Reagan': 1} 
failings {"The days of looking the other way while despotic regimes trample human rights, rob their nations' wealth, and then excuse their failings by feeding their people a steady diet of anti-Western hatred are over. -Dick Cheney": 1} 
preserve {'If the primary aim of a captain were to preserve his ship, he would keep it in port forever. -Thomas Aquinas': 1} 
we {'Were it possible for us to wait for ourselves to come into the room, not many of us would find our hearts breaking into flower as we heard the door handle turn. -Rebecca West': 1, 'Chicago sounds rough to the maker of verse. One comfort we have: Cincinnati sounds worse. -Oliver Wendell Holmes': 1, 'We do survive every moment, after all, except the last one. -John Updike': 1, 'We know too much, and are convinced of too little. Our literature is a substitute for religion, and so is our religion. -T.S. Eliot': 1, 'I almost had a pyschic girlfriend, but she left me before we met. -Steven Wright': 1, 'We live in an age when unnecessary things are our only necessities. -Oscar Wilde': 1, 'To defend Western Europe we have to let the Pentagon buy all these tanks and guns and things, and the Pentagon is unable to buy any object that that costs less than a condominium in Vail. If the Pentagon needs, say, fruit, it will argue that it must have fruit that can withstand the rigors of combat conditions, and it will wind up purchasing the FX-700 Seedless Tactical Grape, which will cost $160,000 per bunch, and will have an 83 percent failure rate. -Dave Barry': 1, 'Through pride we are ever deceiving ourselves. But deep down below the surface of the average conscience a still, small voice says to us, something is out of tune. -Carl Jung': 1, 'We have it in our power to begin the world over again. -Thomas Paine': 1, 'Some of your countrymen were unable to distinguish between their native dislike for war and the stainless patriotism of those who suffered its scars. But there has been a rethinking and now we can say to you, and say as a nation, thank you for your courage. -Ronald Reagan': 1, 'That is the true season of love, when we believe that we alone can love, that no one could ever have loved so before us, and that no one will love in the same way after us. -Johann Wolfgang von Goethe': 2, 'On account of being a democracy and run by the people, we are the only nation in the world that has to keep a government four years, no matter what it does. -Will Rogers': 1, 'Alexander, Caesar, Charlemagne, and myself founded empires; but what foundation did we rest the creations of our genius? Upon force. Jesus Christ founded an empire upon love; and at this hour millions of men would die for Him. -Napoleon Bonaparte': 1, 'Being is desirable because it is identical with Beauty, and Beauty is loved because it is Being. We ourselves possess Beauty when we are true to our own being; ugliness is in going over to another order; knowing ourselves, we are beautiful; in self-ignorance, we are ugly. -Ambrose Bierce': 4, 'How we spend our days is, of course, how we spend our lives. -Annie Dillard': 2, "Without computers, the government would be unable to function at the level of effectiveness and efficiency that we have come to expect.  This is because the primary function of the government is -- and here I am quoting directly from the U.S. Constitution -- 'to spew out paper.' -Dave Barry": 1, 'We are what we repeatedly do. Excellence, therefore, is not an act, but a habit. -Aristotle': 2, 'The time which we have at our disposal every day is elastic; the passions we feel expand it, those that we inspire contract it, and habit fills up what remains. -Marcel Proust': 3, 'If we do not help a man in trouble, it is as if we caused the trouble. -Nachman of Bratslav': 2, 'If the United Nations once admits that international disputes can be settled by using force, then we will have destroyed the foundation of the organization and our best hope of establishing a world order. -Dwight Eisenhower': 1, 'There is hope for the future because God has a sense of humor and we are funny to God. -Bill Cosby': 1, 'We need not just a new generation of leadership but a new gender of leadership. -Bill Clinton': 1, 'Imagination will often carry us to worlds that never were. But without it, we go nowhere. -Carl Sagan': 1, 'I hope that when you are my age, you will be able to say as I have been able to say: We lived in freedom. We lived lives that were a statement, not an apology. -Ronald Reagan': 2, 'Most modern freedom is at root fear. It is not so much that we are too bold to endure rules; it is rather that we are too timid to endure responsibilities. -GK Chesterton': 2, 'The cost of freedom is always high, but Americans have always paid it. And one path we shall never choose, and that is the path of surrender, or submission. -John F. Kennedy': 1, "We seem to be going through a period of nostalgia, and everyone seems to think yesterday was better than today. I don't think it was, and I would advise you not to wait ten years before admitting today was great. If you're hung up on nostalgia, pretend today is yesterday and just go out and have one hell of a time. -Art Buchwald": 1, 'True wisdom comes to each of us when we realize how little we understand about life, ourselves, and the world around us. -Socrates': 2, 'Four-fifths of all our troubles would disappear, if we would only sit down and keep still. -Calvin Coolidge': 1, 'It is only our bad temper that we put down to being tired or worried or hungry; we put our good temper down to ourselves. -C.S. Lewis': 2, 'Intoxicated with unbroken success, we have become too self-sufficient to feel the necessity of redeeming and preserving grace, too proud to pray to the God that made us. -Abraham Lincoln': 1, 'What we are today comes from our thoughts of yesterday and our present thoughts build our life tomorrow. Our life is the creation of our mind. -Siddhartha Buddha': 1, "When we got into office, the thing that surprised me the most was that things were as bad as we'd been saying they were. -John F. Kennedy": 1, 'We are never deceived; we deceive ourselves. -Johann Wolfgang von Goethe': 2, 'Failure is success if we learn from it. -Malcolm Forbes': 1, 'It is by the goodness of God that, in this country, we have three benefits: freedom of speech, freedom of thought, and the wisdom never to use either. -Mark Twain': 1, 'We know life is futile. A man who considers that his life is of very wonderful importance is awfully close to a padded cell. -Clarence Darrow': 1, 'There is luxury in self-reproach. When we blame ourselves, we feel no one else has a right to blame us. -Oscar Wilde': 2, 'Experience proves this, or that, or nothing, according to the preconceptions we bring to it. -C.S. Lewis': 1, 'We are living in a world, where what we earn is a function of what we learn. -Bill Clinton': 3, 'The hour of departure has arrived, and we go our ways - I to die, and you to live. Which is better God only knows. -Plato': 1, 'We have to make America the best place in the world to do business. -Dick Cheney': 1, 'If there is any principle of the Constitution that more imperatively calls for attachment than any other it is the principle of free thought, not free thought for those who agree with us but freedom for the thought that we hate. -Oliver Wendell Holmes': 1, 'No sooner do we depart from sense and instinct to follow reason but we are insensibly drawn into uncouth paradoxes, difficulties, and inconsistencies, which multiply and grow upon us as we advance in speculation; till at length, having wandered through many intricate mazes, we find ourselves just where we were, or, which is worse, sit down in a forlorn scepticism. -George Berkeley': 5, 'If we will be quiet and ready enough, we shall find compensation in every disappointment. -Henry Thoreau': 2, 'We ascribe beauty to that which is simple; which has no superfluous parts; which exactly answers its end; which stands related to all things; which is the mean of many extremes. -Ralph Waldo Emerson': 1, 'In the long run, we shape our lives and we shape ourselves. The process never ends until we die, and the choices that we make are ultimately our responsibility. -Eleanor Roosevelt': 4, 'Let us have faith that right makes might, and in that faith, let us, to the end, dare to do our duty as we understand it. -Abraham Lincoln': 1, 'I do not believe one can settle how much we ought to give. I am afraid the only safe rule is to give more than we can spare. -C.S. Lewis': 2, 'If we command our wealth, we shall be rich and free; if our wealth commands us, we are poor indeed. -Edmund Burke': 3, 'Parting is all we know of heaven and all we need to know of hell. -Emily Dickinson': 2, "My role in society, or any artist's or poet's role, is to try and express what we all feel. Not to tell people how to feel. Not as a preacher, not as a leader, but as a reflection of us all. -John Lennon": 1, "We all want progress, but if you're on the wrong road, progress means doing an about-turn and walking back to the right road; in that case, the man who turns back soonest is the most progressive. -C.S. Lewis": 1, 'We are all worms, but I do believe I am a glow-worm. -Winston Churchill': 1, 'We make a living by what we get, but we make a life by what we give. -Winston Churchill': 4, 'If we have no peace, it is because we have forgotten that we belong to each other. -Mother Teresa': 3, 'The reason we hold truth in such respect is because we have so little opportunity to get familiar with it. -Mark Twain': 2, "We all wish to be judged by our peers, by the men 'after our own heart.' Only they really know our mind and only they judge it by standards we fully acknowledge. Theirs is the praise we really covet and the blame we really dread. The little pockets of early Chrstians survived because they cared exclusively for the love of 'the bretheren' and stopped their ears to the opinion of the Pagan society around them. But a circle of criminals, cranks, or perverts survives in just the same way; by becoming deaf to the opinion of the outer world, by discounting it as the chatter of outsiders who 'don't understand,' of the 'conventional,' the 'bourgeois,' the 'Establishment,' of prigs, prudes, and humbugs. -C.S. Lewis": 4, 'The significant problems we face cannot be solved at the same level of thinking we were at when we created them. -Albert Einstein': 3, 'When we die, our bodies are buried. When we live, our souls are buried. -Jason Mechalek': 2, "Life's Tragedy is that we get old to soon and wise too late. -Benjamin Franklin": 1, "One of the great attractions of patriotism -- it fulfills our worst wishes. In the person of our nation we are able, vicariously, to bully and cheat. Bully and cheat, what's more, with a feeling that we are profoundly virtuous. -Aldous Huxley": 2, 'The greatest thing in this world is not so much where we are, but in what direction we are moving. -Oliver Wendell Holmes': 2, 'There are very few monsters who warrant the fear we have of them. -Andr\xe9 Gide': 1, 'The illegal we do immediately. The unconstitutional takes a little longer. -Henry Kissinger': 1, 'Every difference of opinion is not a difference of principle. We have called by different names brethren of the same principle. -Thomas Jefferson': 1, "There are some who've forgotten why we have a military. It's not to promote war; it's to be prepared for peace. -Ronald Reagan": 1, 'We have the Bill of Rights. What we need is a Bill of Responsibilities. -Bill Maher': 2, 'She was what we used to call a suicide blond - dyed by her own hand. -Saul Bellow': 1, 'New knowledge is the most valuable commodity on earth. The more truth we have to work with, the richer we become. -Kurt Vonnegut': 2, 'To be what we are, and to become what we are capable of becoming, is the only end of life. -Robert Louis Stevenson': 2, "It's not how much we give but how much love we put into giving. -Mother Teresa": 2, 'In the councils of government, we must guard against the acquisition of unwarranted influence, whether sought or unsought, by the military-industrial complex. -Dwight Eisenhower': 1, 'God does not give heed to the ambitiousness of our prayers, because he is always ready to give to us his light, not a visible light but an intellectual and spiritual one; but we are not always ready to receive it when we turn aside and down to other things out of a desire for temporal things. -Saint Augustine': 2, 'It is always thus, impelled by a state of mind which is destined not to last, that we make our irrevocable decisions. -Marcel Proust': 1, "We must repsect the other fellow's religion, but only in the sense and to the extent that we respect his theory that his wife is beautiful and his children are smart. -Henry Mencken": 2, 'We are healed from suffering only by experiencing it to the full. -Marcel Proust': 1, 'This will never be a civilized country until we expend more money for books than we do for chewing gum. -Elbert Hubbard': 2, 'We turn not older with years, but newer every day. -Emily Dickinson': 1, 'There are perhaps no days of our childhood we lived so fully as those we spent with a favorite book. -Marcel Proust': 2, 'Nature is trying very hard to make us succeed, but nature does not depend on us. We are not the only experiment. -Buckminster Fuller': 1, 'The thing we all have to understand to put these last two years in focus, is that liberals in this country care more about whether European leaders like us than they do about whether terrorists are killing us. -Rush Limbaugh': 1, 'In the Orthodox spiritual tradition, the ultimate moral question we ask is the following: Is what we are doing, is what I am doing, beautiful or not? -Carolyn Gifford': 2, 'We should take care not to make the intellect our god; it has, of course, powerful muscles, but no personality. -Albert Einstein': 1, 'If you have an apple and I have an apple and we exchange these apples then you and I will still each have one apple. But if you have an idea and I have an idea and we exchange these ideas, then each of us will have two ideas. -George Bernard Shaw': 2, 'The greatest happiness of life is the conviction that we are loved, loved for ourselves, or rather, loved in spite of ourselves. -Victor Hugo': 1, "I think computer viruses should count as life. I think it says something about human nature that the only form of life we have created so far is purely destructive. We've created life in our own image. -Stephen Hawking": 1} 
men {'It is the dissimilarities and inequalities among men which give rise to the notion of honor; as such differences become less, it grows feeble; and when they disappear, it will vanish too. -Alexis de Tocqueville': 1, 'Religion operates not only on the vertical plane but also on the horizontal. It seeks not only to integrate men with God but to integrate men with men and each man with himself. -Martin Luther King Jr.': 3, 'Women are the only realists; their whole object in life is to pit their realism against the extravagant, excessive, and occasionally drunken idealism of men. -GK Chesterton': 1, "Associate yourself with men of good quality if you esteem your own reputation; for 'tis better to be alone than in bad company. -George Washington": 1, 'Of all bad men religious bad men are the worst. -C.S. Lewis': 2, 'Men are born ignorant, not stupid; they are made stupid by education. -Bertrand Russell': 1, 'All men are frauds. The only difference between them is that some admit it. I myself deny it. -Henry Mencken': 1, 'In framing a government which is to be administered by men over men the great difficulty lies in this: You must first enable the government to control the governed, and in the next place, oblige it to control itself. -Alexander Hamilton': 2, 'I have often wondered how it is that every man loves himself more than all the rest of men, but yet sets less value on his own opinion of himself than on the opinion of others. -Marcus Aurelius': 1, 'That men do not learn very much from the lessons of history is the most important of all the lessons of history. -Aldous Huxley': 1, 'Men marry to make an end; women to make a beginning. -Alexis Dupuy': 1, 'It is unbecoming for young men to utter maxims. -Aristotle': 1, 'The customs and fashions of men change like leaves on the bough, some of which go and others come. -Dante Alighieri': 1, "If a woman has to choose between catching a fly ball and saving an infant's life, she will choose to save the infant's life without even considering if there are men on base. -Dave Barry": 1, "Speeches are for the younger men who are going places. And I'm not going anyplace except six feet under the floor of that little chapel adjoining the museum and library at Abilene. -Dwight Eisenhower": 1, 'Christ died for men precisely because men are not worth dying for; to make them worth it. -C.S. Lewis': 2, 'If men will not act for themselves, what will they do when the benefit of their effort is for all? -Elbert Hubbard': 1, 'There are men in all ages who mean to govern well, but they mean to govern. They promise to be good masters, but they mean to be masters. -Daniel Webster': 1, 'Alexander, Caesar, Charlemagne, and myself founded empires; but what foundation did we rest the creations of our genius? Upon force. Jesus Christ founded an empire upon love; and at this hour millions of men would die for Him. -Napoleon Bonaparte': 1, 'Men show their characters in nothing more clearly than in what they think laughable. -Johann Wolfgang von Goethe': 1, 'All men are timid on entering any fight. Whether it is the first or the last fight, all of us are timid. Cowards are those who let their timidity get the better of their manhood. -George Patton': 1, "We all wish to be judged by our peers, by the men 'after our own heart.' Only they really know our mind and only they judge it by standards we fully acknowledge. Theirs is the praise we really covet and the blame we really dread. The little pockets of early Chrstians survived because they cared exclusively for the love of 'the bretheren' and stopped their ears to the opinion of the Pagan society around them. But a circle of criminals, cranks, or perverts survives in just the same way; by becoming deaf to the opinion of the outer world, by discounting it as the chatter of outsiders who 'don't understand,' of the 'conventional,' the 'bourgeois,' the 'Establishment,' of prigs, prudes, and humbugs. -C.S. Lewis": 1, 'Men have always been afraid that women could get along without them. -Margaret Mead': 1, 'PRESIDENT, n. The leading figure in a small group of men of whom \x97 and of whom only \x97 it is positively known that immense numbers of their countrymen did not want any of them for President. -Ambrose Bierce': 1, 'Women need a reason to have sex -- men just need a place. -Billy Crystal': 1, 'Men marry because they are tired; women because they are curious. Both are disappointed. -Oscar Wilde': 1, 'Rhis is to be asserted in general of men: that they are ungrateful, fickle, false, cowardly, covetous, and as long as you succeed, are yours entirely; they will offer you their blood, property, life, and children...when the need is far distant; but when it approaches, they will turn against you. -Nicolo Machiavelli': 1, 'Those who expect to reap the blessings of freedom must, like men, undergo the fatigue of supporting it. -Thomas Paine': 1, 'Though force can protect in emergency, only justice, fairness, consideration and cooperation can finally lead men to the dawn of eternal peace. -Dwight Eisenhower': 1, 'People sleep peaceably in their beds at night only because rough men stand ready to do violence on their behalf. -George Orwell': 1, 'What is the most important for democracy is not that great fortunes should not exist, but that great fortunes should not remain in the same hands. In that way there are rich men, but they do not form a class. -Alexis de Tocqueville': 1, 'Truth sits upon the lips of dying men. -Matthew Arnold': 1, 'All men desire to know. -Aristotle': 1} 
extend {'He therefore is the truest friend to the liberty of this country who tries most to promote its virtue, and who, so far as his power and influence extend, will not suffer a man to be chosen into any office of power and trust who is not a wise and virtuous man. -Samuel Adams': 1} 
nature {"I don't work according to nature, but infront and together with it. An artist must observe the nature, but never confuse it with the art. -Pablo Picasso": 2, 'The mystic chords of memory, stretching from every battlefield and patriot grave to every living heart and hearthstone all over this broad land, will yet swell the chorus of the Union, when again touched, as surely they will be, by the better angels of our nature. -Abraham Lincoln': 1, 'Nature is trying very hard to make us succeed, but nature does not depend on us. We are not the only experiment. -Buckminster Fuller': 2, "I think computer viruses should count as life. I think it says something about human nature that the only form of life we have created so far is purely destructive. We've created life in our own image. -Stephen Hawking": 1, 'All human actions have one or more of these seven causes: chance, nature, compulsions, habit, reason, passion, desire. -Aristotle': 1, "Don't ask God to change the laws of nature for you. -Nachman of Bratslav": 1, "Money never made a man happy yet, nor will it. There is nothing in its nature to produce happiness. The more a man has, the more he wants. Instead of its filling a vacuum, it makes one. If it satisfies one want, it doubles and trebles that want another way. That was a true proverb of the wise man, rely upon it; ''Better is little with the fear of the Lord, than great treasure, and trouble therewith. -Benjamin Franklin": 1, 'All art is but imitation of nature. -Lucius Annaeus Seneca': 1, 'Nature thrives on patience; man on impatience. -Paul Boese': 1, 'Observe constantly that all things take place by change, and accustom thyself to consider that the nature of the Universe love nothing so much as to change. The Universe is change. -Marcus Aurelius': 1, 'He who is of calm and happy nature will hardly feel the pressure of age, but to him who is of an opposite disposition youth and age are equally a burden. -Plato': 1} 
confusion {'By a curious confusion, many modern critics have passed from the proposition that a masterpiece may be unpopular to the other proposition that unless it is unpopular it cannot be a masterpiece. -GK Chesterton': 1} 
optimist {'An optimist is a person who starts a new diet on Thanksgiving Day. -Irv Kupcinet': 1} 
weak {'History does not long entrust the care of freedom to the weak or the timid. -Dwight Eisenhower': 1} 
ignorance {'Ignorance more frequently begets confidence than does knowledge. -Charles Darwin': 1, 'The recipe for perpetual ignorance is: be satisfied with your opinions and content with your knowledge. -Elbert Hubbard': 1, 'Being is desirable because it is identical with Beauty, and Beauty is loved because it is Being. We ourselves possess Beauty when we are true to our own being; ugliness is in going over to another order; knowing ourselves, we are beautiful; in self-ignorance, we are ugly. -Ambrose Bierce': 1, 'Reason is experimental intelligence, conceived after the pattern of science, and used in the creation of social arts; it has something to do. It liberates man from the bondage of the past, due to ignorance and accident hardened into custom. It projects a better future and assists man in its realization. -John Dewey': 1, 'The magic of first love is our ignorance that it can never end. -Benjamin Disraeli': 1, 'Nothing in the world is more dangerous than sincere ignorance and conscientious stupidity. -Martin Luther King Jr.': 1, 'A great deal of intelligence can be invested in ignorance when the need for illusion is deep. -Saul Bellow': 1} 
souvenir {'Beauty is ever to the lonely mind a shadow fleeting; she is never plain. She is a visitor who leaves behind the gift of grief, the souvenir of pain. -Christopher Morley': 1} 
nightmares {'With the sleep of dreams comes nightmares. -William Shakespeare': 1} 
seafood {"The only kind of seafood I trust is the fish stick, a totally featureless fish that doesn't have eyeballs or fins. -Dave Barry": 1} 
harvard {"Thus far, the reputed idiot Bush has graduated from Yale and Harvard, made a stack of cash in the oil industry, become the first consecutive-term governor of Texas, defeated a dual-term VP for the presidency, and led his party to [November 5th's] extraordinary triumphs. Let his opponents keep calling him stupid; if they do, within five years Bush will be King of England, the Pope, and world Formula One motor racing champion. -Tim Blair": 1} 
extent {"We must repsect the other fellow's religion, but only in the sense and to the extent that we respect his theory that his wife is beautiful and his children are smart. -Henry Mencken": 1, 'As I would not be a slave, so I would not be a master. This expresses my idea of democracy. Whatever differs from this, to the extent of the difference, is no democracy. -Abraham Lincoln': 1} 
dedication {"To grasp the full significance of life is the actor's duty, to interpret it is his problem and to express it his dedication. -Marlon Brando": 1, 'Patriotism is not short, frenzied outbursts of emotion, but the tranquil and steady dedication of a lifetime. -Adlai Stevenson': 1} 
improve {'I wake each morning torn between the desire to improve the world and the desire to enjoy it. It makes it hard to plan the day. -E.B. White': 1} 
tyranny {'If tyranny and oppression come to this land, it will be in the guise of fighting a foreign enemy. -James Madison': 1, "Of all tyrannies, a tyranny exercised for the good of its victims may be the most oppressive. It may be better to live under robber barons than under omnipotent moral busybodies. The robber baron's cruelty may sometimes sleep, his cupidity may at some point be satiated; but those who torment us for our own good will torment us without end, for they do so with the approval of their own conscience. -C.S. Lewis": 1, 'The means of defense against foreign danger historically have become the instruments of tyranny at home. -James Madison': 1} 
goddess {"You give me a credit to which I have no claim in calling me 'the writer of the Constitution of the United States.' This was not, like the fabled Goddess of Wisdom, the offspring of a single brain. It ought to be regarded as the work of many heads and many hands. -James Madison": 1} 
accident {'Cooking was invented in prehistoric times, when a primitive tribe had a lucky accident. The tribe had killed an animal and was going to eat it raw, when a tribe member named Woog tripped and dropped it into the fire. At first the other tribe members were angry at Woog, but then, as the aroma of burning meat filled the air, they had an idea. So they ate Woog raw. -Dave Barry': 1, 'Reason is experimental intelligence, conceived after the pattern of science, and used in the creation of social arts; it has something to do. It liberates man from the bondage of the past, due to ignorance and accident hardened into custom. It projects a better future and assists man in its realization. -John Dewey': 1} 
armand hammer {'When you work seven days a week, fourteen hours a day, you get lucky. -Armand Hammer': 1} 
country {'When an American says that he loves his country, he means not only that he loves the New England hills, the prairies glistening in the sun, the wide and rising plains, the great mountains, and the sea. He means that he loves an inner air, an inner light in which freedom lives and in which a man can draw the breath of self-respect. -Adlai Stevenson': 1, 'This country was built on rape, slavery, murder, degradation and affiliation with crime. -Mike Tyson': 1, 'The greatness of our country has been based on our thinking that everyone has a right even to be wrong. -Ronald Reagan': 1, 'It takes a long time to turn a big country around. -Bill Clinton': 1, 'The object of war is not to die for your country but to make the other bastard die for his. -George Patton': 1, 'Of course the people dont want war...that is understood. But voice or no voice, the people can always be brought to the bidding of the leaders. That is easy. All you have to do is tell them they are being attacked, and denounce the pacifists for lack of patriotism and exposing the country to danger. It works the same in any country. -Hermann Goering': 2, 'Ask not what your country can do for you - ask what you can do for your country. -John F. Kennedy': 2, 'The thing we all have to understand to put these last two years in focus, is that liberals in this country care more about whether European leaders like us than they do about whether terrorists are killing us. -Rush Limbaugh': 1, 'America is the only country ever founded on a creed. -GK Chesterton': 1, 'He therefore is the truest friend to the liberty of this country who tries most to promote its virtue, and who, so far as his power and influence extend, will not suffer a man to be chosen into any office of power and trust who is not a wise and virtuous man. -Samuel Adams': 1, "The puritanism of Christianity has played havoc with the moderation that an enlightened and tolerant critical spirit would have produced. I've noticed that in whatever country, county, town, or other region there is a regulation enjoining temperance, the population seems to be entirely composed of teetotallers and drunkards. There's a Bible on that shelf there. But I keep it next to Voltaire - poison and antidote. -Bertrand Russell": 1, 'This will never be a civilized country until we expend more money for books than we do for chewing gum. -Elbert Hubbard': 1, 'It is by the goodness of God that, in this country, we have three benefits: freedom of speech, freedom of thought, and the wisdom never to use either. -Mark Twain': 1, 'I went out to the country so i could examine the simple things in life. -Henry Thoreau': 1, 'What the country needs is dirtier fingernails and cleaner minds. -Will Rogers': 1} 
ill {'For each illness that doctors cure with medicine, they provoke ten in healthy people by inoculating them with the virus that is a thousand times more powerful than any microbe: the idea that one is ill. -Marcel Proust': 1} 
sparta {'Rome remained free for four hundred years and Sparta eight hundred, although their citizens were armed all that time; but many other states that have been disarmed have lost their liberties in less than forty years. -Nicolo Machiavelli': 1} 
demanded {'Freedom is never voluntarily given by the oppressor; it must be demanded by the oppressed. -Martin Luther King Jr.': 1} 
brac {'The mind of the thoroughly well-informed man is a dreadful thing. It is like a bric-\xe0-brac shop, all monsters and dust, with everything priced above its proper value. -Oscar Wilde': 1} 
games {'Games lubricate the body and the mind. -Benjamin Franklin': 1, 'If people don\x92t come to the games, you can\x92t stop them. -Yogi Berra': 1} 
receives {'Humility must always be the portion of any man who receives acclaim earned in blood of his followers and sacrifices of his friends. -Dwight Eisenhower': 1} 
exceeds {"To be wise and love exceeds man's might. -William Shakespeare": 1} 
distinction {'To me there has never been a higher source of earthly honor or distinction than that connected with advances in science. -Isaac Newton': 1} 
buried {'When we die, our bodies are buried. When we live, our souls are buried. -Jason Mechalek': 2} 
asked {'A Native American elder once described his own inner struggles in this manner: Inside of me there are two dogs. One of the dogs is mean and evil. The other dog is good. The mean dog fights the good dog all the time. When asked which dog wins, he reflected. -George Bernard Shaw': 1, 'Christmas can be celebrated in the school room with pine trees, tinsel and reindeers, but there must be no mention of the man whose birthday is being celebrated. One wonders how a teacher would answer if a student asked why it was called Christmas. -Ronald Reagan': 1, "When this girl at the museum asked me who I liked better, Monet or Manet, I said, 'I like mayonnaise.' She just stared at me, so I said it again, louder. Then she left. I guess she went to try to find some mayonnaise for me. -Jack Handey": 1, "I had a dream the other night. I dreamed that Jimmy Carter came to me and asked why I wanted his job. I told him I didn't want his job. I want to be President. -Ronald Reagan": 1} 
hostility {'In any fairly large and talkative community such as a university there is always the danger that those who think alike should gravitate together where they will henceforth encounter opposition only in the emasculated form of rumour that the outsiders say thus and thus. The absent are easily refuted, complacent dogmatism thrives, and differences of opinion are embittered by the group hostility. Each group hears not the best, but the worst, that the other group can say. -C.S. Lewis': 1} 
hatreds {'In politics shared hatreds are almost always the basis of friendships. -Alexis de Tocqueville': 1} 
christopher marlowe {'I am Envy. I cannot read and therefore wish all books burned. -Christopher Marlowe': 1} 
vail {'To defend Western Europe we have to let the Pentagon buy all these tanks and guns and things, and the Pentagon is unable to buy any object that that costs less than a condominium in Vail. If the Pentagon needs, say, fruit, it will argue that it must have fruit that can withstand the rigors of combat conditions, and it will wind up purchasing the FX-700 Seedless Tactical Grape, which will cost $160,000 per bunch, and will have an 83 percent failure rate. -Dave Barry': 1} 
had {'If God had wanted us to spend our time fretting about the problems of home ownership, He would never have invented beer. -Dave Barry': 1, "Never continue in a job you don't enjoy. If you're happy in what you're doing, you'll like yourself, you'll have inner peace. And if you have that, along with physical health, you will have had more success than you could possibly have imagined. -Johnny Carson": 1, 'When I took office, only high energy physicists had ever heard of what is called the Worldwide Web....now even my cat has its own page. -Bill Clinton': 1, 'Cooking was invented in prehistoric times, when a primitive tribe had a lucky accident. The tribe had killed an animal and was going to eat it raw, when a tribe member named Woog tripped and dropped it into the fire. At first the other tribe members were angry at Woog, but then, as the aroma of burning meat filled the air, they had an idea. So they ate Woog raw. -Dave Barry': 3, 'You know what the fellow said: In Italy for thirty years under the Borgias they had warfare, terror, murder, and bloodshed, but they produced Michaelangelo, Leonardo Da Vinci, and the Renaissance. In Switzerland, they had brotherly love--they had five hundred years of democracy and peace, and what did they produce? The cuckoo clock. -Orson Welles': 3, "I've had a wonderful time, but this wasn't it. -Groucho Marx": 1, 'Karate is a form of marital arts in which people who have had years and years of training can, using only their hands and feet, make some of the worst movies in the history of the world. -Dave Barry': 1, "By the time we've made it, we've had it. -Malcolm Forbes": 1, "I had a dream the other night. I dreamed that Jimmy Carter came to me and asked why I wanted his job. I told him I didn't want his job. I want to be President. -Ronald Reagan": 1, 'I almost had a pyschic girlfriend, but she left me before we met. -Steven Wright': 1, 'Man [has] always assumed that he was more intelligent than dolphins because he had achieved so much-the wheel, New York, wars and so on-while all the dolphins had ever done was muck about in the water having a good time. But conversely, the dolphins had always believed that they were far more intelligent than man-for precisely the same reason. -Douglas Adams': 3, 'When nothing seems to help, I go and look at a stonecutter hammering away at his rock perhaps a hundred times without as much as a crack showing in it. Yet at the hundred and first blow it will split in two, and I know it was not that blow that did it, but all that had gone before. -Jacob August Riis': 1, ".I had to face the horrible truth: The antitobacco people are lying. Smoking really is cool. And I'm less cool for not doing it. -Tucker Carlson": 1, 'Nothing before had ever made me thoroughly realise, though I had read various scientific books, that science consists in grouping facts so that general laws or conclusions may be drawn from them. -Charles Darwin': 2, "I cried because I had no shoes, 'till I met a man who had no feet. So I said, 'You got any shoes you're not using'? -Steven Wright": 2} 
height {'Happiness makes up in height for what it lacks in length. -Robert Frost': 1} 
viruses {"I think computer viruses should count as life. I think it says something about human nature that the only form of life we have created so far is purely destructive. We've created life in our own image. -Stephen Hawking": 1} 
trust {'Nobody expects to trust his body overmuch after the age of fifty. -Alexander Hamilton': 1, 'Trust the people. This is the one irrefutable lesson of the entire postwar period contradicting the notion that rigid government controls are essential to economic development. -Ronald Reagan': 1, "I know God will not give me anything I can't handle. I just wish that He didn't trust me so much. -Mother Teresa": 1, "The only kind of seafood I trust is the fish stick, a totally featureless fish that doesn't have eyeballs or fins. -Dave Barry": 1, 'He therefore is the truest friend to the liberty of this country who tries most to promote its virtue, and who, so far as his power and influence extend, will not suffer a man to be chosen into any office of power and trust who is not a wise and virtuous man. -Samuel Adams': 1} 
speak {'I feel impelled to speak today in a language that in a sense is new-one which I, who have spent so much of my life in the military profession, would have preferred never to use. That new language is the language of atomic warfare. -Dwight Eisenhower': 1, "This is slavery, not to speak one's thought. -Euripides": 1, 'Ten people who speak make more noise than ten thousand who are silent. -Napoleon Bonaparte': 1, 'When angry, count ten before you speak; if very angry, a hundred. -Thomas Jefferson': 1, 'He that would live in peace and at ease must not speak all he knows or all he sees. -Benjamin Franklin': 1} 
accustom {'Observe constantly that all things take place by change, and accustom thyself to consider that the nature of the Universe love nothing so much as to change. The Universe is change. -Marcus Aurelius': 1} 
ease {'Would you live with ease? Do what you ought, not what you please. -Benjamin Franklin': 1, 'He that would live in peace and at ease must not speak all he knows or all he sees. -Benjamin Franklin': 1} 
positively {'PRESIDENT, n. The leading figure in a small group of men of whom \x97 and of whom only \x97 it is positively known that immense numbers of their countrymen did not want any of them for President. -Ambrose Bierce': 1} 
source {'There is no strength in unbelief. Even the unbelief of what is false is no source of might. It is the truth shining from behind that gives the strength to disbelieve. -George MacDonald': 1, 'To me there has never been a higher source of earthly honor or distinction than that connected with advances in science. -Isaac Newton': 1} 
union {'The mystic chords of memory, stretching from every battlefield and patriot grave to every living heart and hearthstone all over this broad land, will yet swell the chorus of the Union, when again touched, as surely they will be, by the better angels of our nature. -Abraham Lincoln': 1} 
futility {'I hate war as only a soldier who has lived it can, only as one who has seen its brutality, its futility, its stupidity. -Dwight Eisenhower': 1} 
three {'Such is the delicacy of man alone, that no object is produced to his liking. He finds that in everything there is need for improvement. The whole industry of human life is employed not in procuring the supply of our three humble necessities, food, clothes and lodging, but in procuring the conveniences of it according to the nicety and delicacy of our tastes. -Adam Smith': 1, "If your kid makes one of those little homemade guitars out of a cigar box and rubber bands, don't let him just play it once or twice and then throw it away. Make him practice on it, every day, for about three hours a day. Later, he'll thank you. -Jack Handey": 1, 'Few people think more than two or three times a year. I have made an international reputation for myself by thinking once or twice a week. -George Bernard Shaw': 1, 'Goldie and I did have a car stolen right out of our yard. It took us three days to notice. -Kurt Russell': 1, 'There are three ingredients in the good life: learning, earning and yearning. -Christopher Morley': 1, "The statistics on sanity are that one out of every four Americans are suffering from some form of mental illness. Think of your three best friends. If they're okay, then it's you. -Rita Mae Brown": 1, 'Three grand essentials to happiness in this life are something to do, something to love, and something to hope for. -Joseph Addison': 1, 'There are three rules for writing a novel. Unfortunately, no one knows what they are. -W. Somerset Maugham': 1, 'It is by the goodness of God that, in this country, we have three benefits: freedom of speech, freedom of thought, and the wisdom never to use either. -Mark Twain': 1, 'Beauty is all very well at first sight; but whoever looks at it when it has been in the house three days? -George Bernard Shaw': 1} 
been {'Let the word go forth from this time and place, to friend and foe alike, that the torch has been passed to a new generation of Americans. -John F. Kennedy': 1, 'I have never been hurt by what I have not said. -Calvin Coolidge': 1, 'Once you have flown, you will walk the earth with your eyes turned skywards, for there you have been, and there you long to return. -Leonardo da Vinci': 1, 'I hope that when you are my age, you will be able to say as I have been able to say: We lived in freedom. We lived lives that were a statement, not an apology. -Ronald Reagan': 1, 'It has been said that man is a rational animal. All my life I have been searching for evidence which could support this. -Bertrand Russell': 2, 'The intellect is not a serious thing, and never has been. It is an instrument on which one plays, that is all. -Oscar Wilde': 1, 'As scarce as truth is, the supply has always been in excess of the demand. -Josh Billings': 1, 'Perhaps one of the most important accomplishments of my administration has been minding my own business. -Calvin Coolidge': 1, 'I have been the artist with the longest career, and I am so proud and honoured to be chosen from heaven to be invincible. -Michael Jackson': 1, 'In the beginning, the universe was created. This made a lot of people very angry, and has been widely regarded as a bad idea. -Douglas Adams': 1, 'Some of your countrymen were unable to distinguish between their native dislike for war and the stainless patriotism of those who suffered its scars. But there has been a rethinking and now we can say to you, and say as a nation, thank you for your courage. -Ronald Reagan': 1, 'I never see what has been done; I only see what remains to be done. -Siddhartha Buddha': 1, 'Rome remained free for four hundred years and Sparta eight hundred, although their citizens were armed all that time; but many other states that have been disarmed have lost their liberties in less than forty years. -Nicolo Machiavelli': 1, "When we got into office, the thing that surprised me the most was that things were as bad as we'd been saying they were. -John F. Kennedy": 1, 'Religion to me has always been the wound, not the bandage. -Dennis Potter': 1, 'Men have always been afraid that women could get along without them. -Margaret Mead': 1, "I've been accused of vulgarity. I say that's bullshit. -Mel Brooks": 1, 'Beauty is all very well at first sight; but whoever looks at it when it has been in the house three days? -George Bernard Shaw': 1, 'The greatness of our country has been based on our thinking that everyone has a right even to be wrong. -Ronald Reagan': 1, "I didn't come to Washington to be loved and I haven't been disappointed. -Philip L. Gramm": 1, 'To me there has never been a higher source of earthly honor or distinction than that connected with advances in science. -Isaac Newton': 1, "If you're in a boxing match, try not to let the other guy's glove touch your lips, because you don't know where that glove has been. -Jack Handey": 1} 
muck {'Man [has] always assumed that he was more intelligent than dolphins because he had achieved so much-the wheel, New York, wars and so on-while all the dolphins had ever done was muck about in the water having a good time. But conversely, the dolphins had always believed that they were far more intelligent than man-for precisely the same reason. -Douglas Adams': 1} 
beer {'If God had wanted us to spend our time fretting about the problems of home ownership, He would never have invented beer. -Dave Barry': 1, 'Without question, the greatest invention in the history of mankind is beer. Oh, I grant you that the wheel was also a fine invention, but the wheel does not go nearly as well with pizza. -Dave Barry': 1} 
much {'The invisible and the non-existent look very much alike. -Delos McKown': 1, "No side will win the Battle of the Sexes. There's too much fraternizing with the enemy. -Henry Kissinger": 1, 'That men do not learn very much from the lessons of history is the most important of all the lessons of history. -Aldous Huxley': 1, "I know God will not give me anything I can't handle. I just wish that He didn't trust me so much. -Mother Teresa": 1, 'Most modern freedom is at root fear. It is not so much that we are too bold to endure rules; it is rather that we are too timid to endure responsibilities. -GK Chesterton': 1, 'No matter how much cats fight, there always seem to be plenty of kittens. -Abraham Lincoln': 1, "It's not how much we give but how much love we put into giving. -Mother Teresa": 2, 'Who does not thank for little will not thank for much. -Author Unknown': 1, 'Nothing gives one person so much advantage over another as to remain always cool and unruffled under all circumstances. -Thomas Jefferson': 1, "When I see a play and understand it the first time, then I know it can't be much good. -T.S. Eliot": 1, 'Man [has] always assumed that he was more intelligent than dolphins because he had achieved so much-the wheel, New York, wars and so on-while all the dolphins had ever done was muck about in the water having a good time. But conversely, the dolphins had always believed that they were far more intelligent than man-for precisely the same reason. -Douglas Adams': 1, "I paid too much for it, but it's worth it. -Samuel Goldwyn": 1, 'We know too much, and are convinced of too little. Our literature is a substitute for religion, and so is our religion. -T.S. Eliot': 1, 'When nothing seems to help, I go and look at a stonecutter hammering away at his rock perhaps a hundred times without as much as a crack showing in it. Yet at the hundred and first blow it will split in two, and I know it was not that blow that did it, but all that had gone before. -Jacob August Riis': 1, 'I feel impelled to speak today in a language that in a sense is new-one which I, who have spent so much of my life in the military profession, would have preferred never to use. That new language is the language of atomic warfare. -Dwight Eisenhower': 1, 'Observe constantly that all things take place by change, and accustom thyself to consider that the nature of the Universe love nothing so much as to change. The Universe is change. -Marcus Aurelius': 1, 'I do not believe one can settle how much we ought to give. I am afraid the only safe rule is to give more than we can spare. -C.S. Lewis': 1, 'Experts tell us that if the Millennium Bug is not fixed, when the year 2000 arrives, our financial records will be inaccurate, our telephone system will be unreliable, our government will be paralyzed and airline flights will be canceled without warning. In other words, things will be pretty much the same as they are now. -Dave Barry': 1, 'The greatest thing in this world is not so much where we are, but in what direction we are moving. -Oliver Wendell Holmes': 1, 'Errors of haste are seldom committed singly. The first time a man always does too much. And precisely on that account he commits a second error, and then he does too little. -Friedrich Nietzsche': 1} 
interpret {"To grasp the full significance of life is the actor's duty, to interpret it is his problem and to express it his dedication. -Marlon Brando": 1} 
interest {'The Nation which indulges toward another an habitual hatred or an habitual fondness is in some degree a slave. It is a slave to its animosity or to its affection, either of which is sufficient to lead it astray from its duty and its interest. -George Washington': 1, 'Worry is interest paid on trouble before it falls due. -W. R. Inge': 1} 
expected {"One thing they never tell you about child raising is that for the rest of your life, at the drop of a hat, you are expected to know your child's name and how old he or she is. -Erna Bombeck": 1} 
deliberately {"I think it's the duty of the comedian to find out where the line is drawn and cross it deliberately. -George Carlin": 1} 
entered {'All enterprises that are entered into with indiscreet zeal may be pursued with great vigor at first, but are sure to collapse in the end. -Tacitus': 1} 
jackass {"Being president is like being a jackass in a hailstorm. There's nothing to do but stand there and take it. -Lyndon B. Johnson": 1} 
tallest {'Just as your hand, held before the eye, can hide the tallest mountain, so this small earthly life keeps us from seeing the vast radiance that fills the core of the universe. -Nachman of Bratslav': 1} 
duties {"Duties are not performed for duty's sake, but because their neglect would make the man uncomfortable. A man performs but one duty - the duty of contenting his spirit, the duty of making himself agreeable to himself. -Mark Twain": 1} 
questioned {'Philosophy is questions that may never be answered. Religion is answers that may never be questioned. -Author Unknown': 1} 
refuted {'In any fairly large and talkative community such as a university there is always the danger that those who think alike should gravitate together where they will henceforth encounter opposition only in the emasculated form of rumour that the outsiders say thus and thus. The absent are easily refuted, complacent dogmatism thrives, and differences of opinion are embittered by the group hostility. Each group hears not the best, but the worst, that the other group can say. -C.S. Lewis': 1} 
life {'There is one thing alone that stands the brunt of life throughout its course: a quiet conscience. -Euripides': 1, 'To be what we are, and to become what we are capable of becoming, is the only end of life. -Robert Louis Stevenson': 1, 'What we are today comes from our thoughts of yesterday and our present thoughts build our life tomorrow. Our life is the creation of our mind. -Siddhartha Buddha': 2, 'The direction in which education starts a man will determine his future life. -Plato': 1, 'Just as your hand, held before the eye, can hide the tallest mountain, so this small earthly life keeps us from seeing the vast radiance that fills the core of the universe. -Nachman of Bratslav': 1, 'He who is not courageous enough to take risks will accomplish nothing in life. -Muhammad Ali': 1, 'Advertising is the life of trade. -Calvin Coolidge': 1, 'In life, as in art, the beautiful moves in curves. -Edward Bulwer-Lytton': 1, "Don't take life too seriously; you'll never get out of it alive. -Elbert Hubbard": 1, 'It has been said that man is a rational animal. All my life I have been searching for evidence which could support this. -Bertrand Russell': 1, 'The things that will destroy America are prosperity at any price, peace at any price, safety first instead of duty first, the love of soft living and the get rich quick theory of life. -Theodore Roosevelt': 1, 'Life does not cease to be funny when people die any more than it ceases to be serious when people laugh. -George Bernard Shaw': 1, 'The greatest lesson in life is to know that even fools are right sometimes. -Winston Churchill': 1, 'There are three ingredients in the good life: learning, earning and yearning. -Christopher Morley': 1, "You should do your own car repairs. It's an easy way to save money and possibly maim yourself for life. -Dave Barry": 1, "One thing they never tell you about child raising is that for the rest of your life, at the drop of a hat, you are expected to know your child's name and how old he or she is. -Erna Bombeck": 1, 'The whole life of an American is passed like a game of chance, a revolutionary crisis, or a battle. -Alexis de Tocqueville': 1, "If a woman has to choose between catching a fly ball and saving an infant's life, she will choose to save the infant's life without even considering if there are men on base. -Dave Barry": 2, 'Life is no brief candle to me. It is a sort of splendid torch which I have got a hold of for the moment, and I want to make it burn as brightly as possible before handing it onto future generations. -George Bernard Shaw': 1, 'The greatest pleasure of life is love. -William Temple': 1, 'Three grand essentials to happiness in this life are something to do, something to love, and something to hope for. -Joseph Addison': 1, '\x93Take a chance! All life is a chance. The man who goes farthest is generally the one who is willing to do and dare. -Dale Carnegie': 1, 'True wisdom comes to each of us when we realize how little we understand about life, ourselves, and the world around us. -Socrates': 1, 'Women are the only realists; their whole object in life is to pit their realism against the extravagant, excessive, and occasionally drunken idealism of men. -GK Chesterton': 1, 'I feel impelled to speak today in a language that in a sense is new-one which I, who have spent so much of my life in the military profession, would have preferred never to use. That new language is the language of atomic warfare. -Dwight Eisenhower': 1, 'Death is psychologically as important as birth. Shrinking away from it is something unhealthy and abnormal which robs the second half of life of its purpose. -Carl Jung': 1, "Life is what happens to you while you're busy making other plans. -John Lennon": 1, "A man's very highest moment is, I have no doubt at all, when he kneels in the dust, and beats his breast, and tells all the sins of his life. -Oscar Wilde": 1, 'Such is the delicacy of man alone, that no object is produced to his liking. He finds that in everything there is need for improvement. The whole industry of human life is employed not in procuring the supply of our three humble necessities, food, clothes and lodging, but in procuring the conveniences of it according to the nicety and delicacy of our tastes. -Adam Smith': 1, 'We make a living by what we get, but we make a life by what we give. -Winston Churchill': 1, 'Death and life have their determined appointments; riches and honors depend upon heaven. -Confucius': 1, 'The greatest happiness of life is the conviction that we are loved, loved for ourselves, or rather, loved in spite of ourselves. -Victor Hugo': 1, 'If variety is the spice of life, marriage is the big can of leftover Spam. -Johnny Carson': 1, 'My life is my message. -Mahatma Gandhi': 1, 'I went out to the country so i could examine the simple things in life. -Henry Thoreau': 1, 'It is your work in life that is the ultimate seduction. -Pablo Picasso': 1, 'Rhis is to be asserted in general of men: that they are ungrateful, fickle, false, cowardly, covetous, and as long as you succeed, are yours entirely; they will offer you their blood, property, life, and children...when the need is far distant; but when it approaches, they will turn against you. -Nicolo Machiavelli': 1, 'Without music, life would be a mistake. -Friedrich Nietzsche': 1, 'Life is a fatal complaint, and an eminently contagious one. -Oliver Wendell Holmes': 1, 'Life is just one damned thing after another. -Elbert Hubbard': 1, 'Life is anything that dies when you stomp on it. -Dave Barry': 1, 'The least of things with a meaning is worth more in life than the greatest of things without it. -Carl Jung': 1, "My life has no purpose, no direction, no aim, no meaning, and yet I'm happy. I can't figure it out. What am I doing right? -Charles Schulz": 1, 'We know life is futile. A man who considers that his life is of very wonderful importance is awfully close to a padded cell. -Clarence Darrow': 2, "Life is not a support system for art. It's the other way around. -Stephen King": 1, "All I want out of life, is that when I walk down the street folks will say, 'There goes the greatest hitter that ever lived.' -Ted Williams": 1, 'To you taxpayers out there, let me say this: Make sure you file your tax return on time! And remember that, even though income taxes can be a \x93pain in the neck,\x94 the folks at the IRS are regular people just like you, except that they can destroy your life. -Dave Barry': 1, 'There is no joy in life like the joy of sharing. -Billy Graham': 1, "To grasp the full significance of life is the actor's duty, to interpret it is his problem and to express it his dedication. -Marlon Brando": 1, 'The best of life is conversation, and the greatest success is confidence, or perfect understanding between two people. -Ralph Waldo Emerson': 1, "I think computer viruses should count as life. I think it says something about human nature that the only form of life we have created so far is purely destructive. We've created life in our own image. -Stephen Hawking": 3, 'The mintage of wisdom is to know that rest is rust, and that real life is in love, laughter, and work. -Elbert Hubbard': 1} 
families {'Back in the old days, most families were close-knit. Grown children and their parents continued to live together, under the same roof, sometimes in the same small, crowded room, year in and year out, until they died, frequently by strangulation. -Dave Barry': 1} 
deeper {'All good art is about something deeper than it admits. -Roger Ebert': 1, 'Returning violence for violence multiplies violence, adding deeper darkness to a night already devoid of stars. -Martin Luther King Jr.': 1} 
attacked {'Any reviewer who expresses rage and loathing for a novel is preposterous. He or she is like a person who has put on full armor and attacked a hot fudge sundae. -Kurt Vonnegut': 1, 'Of course the people dont want war...that is understood. But voice or no voice, the people can always be brought to the bidding of the leaders. That is easy. All you have to do is tell them they are being attacked, and denounce the pacifists for lack of patriotism and exposing the country to danger. It works the same in any country. -Hermann Goering': 1} 
turned {'Once you have flown, you will walk the earth with your eyes turned skywards, for there you have been, and there you long to return. -Leonardo da Vinci': 1} 
sunshine {'Those who bring sunshine to the lives of others, cannot keep it from themselves. -James Matthew Barrie': 1, "What sunshine is to flowers, smiles are to humanity. These are but trifles, to be sure; but scattered along life's pathway, the good they do is inconceivable. -Joseph Addison": 1} 
isaac asimov {"The most exciting phrase to hear in science, the one that heralds new discoveries, is not 'Eureka!' (I found it!) but 'That's funny...' -Isaac Asimov": 1} 
william jennings bryan {'I believe one of the reasons so many do not get a higher education is the fear of their parents that they will lose more morally than they will receive mentally. -William Jennings Bryan': 1, "A University of Chicago professor said the greatest day in the world was when a water puppy crawled out on land and decided to stay. The water puppy, he said, went on to become a man. If he proves that, I am willing to give up Christmas, Thanksgiving, and New Year's Day, and to celebrate Water Puppy Day. -William Jennings Bryan": 1} 
places {'I get to go to lots of overseas places, like Canada. -Britney Spears': 1, "I'm the type who'd be happy not going anywhere as long as I was sure I knew exactly what was happening at the places I wasn't going to. I'm the type who'd like to sit home and watch every party that I'm invited to on a monitor in my bedroom. -Andy Warhol": 1, "Speeches are for the younger men who are going places. And I'm not going anyplace except six feet under the floor of that little chapel adjoining the museum and library at Abilene. -Dwight Eisenhower": 1} 
dote {'I dote on his very absence. -William Shakespeare': 1} 
child {'From kindergarten to graduation, I went to public schools, and I know that they are a key to being sure that every child has a chance to succeed and to rise in the world. -Dick Cheney': 1, 'The object of teaching a child is to enable him to get along without a teacher. -Elbert Hubbard': 1, "There's nothing sadder in this world than to awake Christmas morning and not be a child. -Erna Bombeck": 1, "One thing they never tell you about child raising is that for the rest of your life, at the drop of a hat, you are expected to know your child's name and how old he or she is. -Erna Bombeck": 1, 'Nothing separates the generations more than music. By the time a child is eight or nine, he has developed a passion for his own music that is even stronger than his passions for procrastination and weird clothes. -Bill Cosby': 1} 
catch {'Thus the metric system did not really catch on in the States, unless you count the increasing popularity of the nine-millimeter bullet. -Dave Barry': 1} 
worked {"I've worked for four presidents and watched two others up close, and I know that there's no such thing as a routine day in the Oval Office. -Dick Cheney": 1} 
doth {'The fool doth think he is wise, but the wise man knows himself to be a fool. -William Shakespeare': 1} 
samuel goldwyn {"I paid too much for it, but it's worth it. -Samuel Goldwyn": 1} 
applied {'Theology is only thought applied to religion. -GK Chesterton': 1, 'Egalitarians create the most dangerous inequality of all -- inequality of power. Allowing politicians to determine what all other human beings will be allowed to earn is one of the most reckless gambles imaginable. Like the income tax, it may start off being applied only to the rich but it will inevitably reach us all. -Thomas Sowell': 1} 
unpopular {'A free society is one where it is safe to be unpopular. -Adlai Stevenson': 1, 'By a curious confusion, many modern critics have passed from the proposition that a masterpiece may be unpopular to the other proposition that unless it is unpopular it cannot be a masterpiece. -GK Chesterton': 2} 
manet {"When this girl at the museum asked me who I liked better, Monet or Manet, I said, 'I like mayonnaise.' She just stared at me, so I said it again, louder. Then she left. I guess she went to try to find some mayonnaise for me. -Jack Handey": 1} 
save {"If a woman has to choose between catching a fly ball and saving an infant's life, she will choose to save the infant's life without even considering if there are men on base. -Dave Barry": 1, "What is it that makes a complete stranger dive into an icy river to save a solid-gold baby? Maybe we'll never know. -Jack Handey": 1, "You should do your own car repairs. It's an easy way to save money and possibly maim yourself for life. -Dave Barry": 1, "I'm not normally a religious man, but if you're up there, save me, Superman! -Homer Simpson": 1} 
manhood {'All men are timid on entering any fight. Whether it is the first or the last fight, all of us are timid. Cowards are those who let their timidity get the better of their manhood. -George Patton': 1} 
conviction {'The greatest happiness of life is the conviction that we are loved, loved for ourselves, or rather, loved in spite of ourselves. -Victor Hugo': 1} 
presidency {'I thought it completely absurd to mention my name in the same breath as the Presidency. -Dwight Eisenhower': 1, "Thus far, the reputed idiot Bush has graduated from Yale and Harvard, made a stack of cash in the oil industry, become the first consecutive-term governor of Texas, defeated a dual-term VP for the presidency, and led his party to [November 5th's] extraordinary triumphs. Let his opponents keep calling him stupid; if they do, within five years Bush will be King of England, the Pope, and world Formula One motor racing champion. -Tim Blair": 1, 'PRESIDENCY, n. The greased pig in the field game of American politics. -Ambrose Bierce': 1} 
alexis dupuy {'Men marry to make an end; women to make a beginning. -Alexis Dupuy': 1} 
lessen {"No distance of place or lapse of time can lessen the friendship of those who are thoroughly persuaded of each other's worth. -Robert Southey": 1} 
tastes {'Such is the delicacy of man alone, that no object is produced to his liking. He finds that in everything there is need for improvement. The whole industry of human life is employed not in procuring the supply of our three humble necessities, food, clothes and lodging, but in procuring the conveniences of it according to the nicety and delicacy of our tastes. -Adam Smith': 1} 
air {'When an American says that he loves his country, he means not only that he loves the New England hills, the prairies glistening in the sun, the wide and rising plains, the great mountains, and the sea. He means that he loves an inner air, an inner light in which freedom lives and in which a man can draw the breath of self-respect. -Adlai Stevenson': 1, 'A radical is a man with both feet firmly planted in the air. -Franklin D. Roosevelt': 1, 'Cooking was invented in prehistoric times, when a primitive tribe had a lucky accident. The tribe had killed an animal and was going to eat it raw, when a tribe member named Woog tripped and dropped it into the fire. At first the other tribe members were angry at Woog, but then, as the aroma of burning meat filled the air, they had an idea. So they ate Woog raw. -Dave Barry': 1} 
aim {'Fanaticism consists of redoubling your efforts when you have forgotten your aim. -George Santayana': 1, "My life has no purpose, no direction, no aim, no meaning, and yet I'm happy. I can't figure it out. What am I doing right? -Charles Schulz": 1, 'My aim is to put down on paper what I see and what I feel in the best and simplest way. -Ernest Hemingway': 1, 'If the primary aim of a captain were to preserve his ship, he would keep it in port forever. -Thomas Aquinas': 1} 
ugly {'I may be drunk, Miss, but in the morning I will be sober and you will still be ugly. -Winston Churchill': 1, 'Being is desirable because it is identical with Beauty, and Beauty is loved because it is Being. We ourselves possess Beauty when we are true to our own being; ugliness is in going over to another order; knowing ourselves, we are beautiful; in self-ignorance, we are ugly. -Ambrose Bierce': 1, 'Washington is a Hollywood for ugly people. Hollywood is a Washington for the simpleminded. -John McCain': 1} 
surprised {"When we got into office, the thing that surprised me the most was that things were as bad as we'd been saying they were. -John F. Kennedy": 1} 
imperatively {'If there is any principle of the Constitution that more imperatively calls for attachment than any other it is the principle of free thought, not free thought for those who agree with us but freedom for the thought that we hate. -Oliver Wendell Holmes': 1} 
lyndon b. johnson {"Being president is like being a jackass in a hailstorm. There's nothing to do but stand there and take it. -Lyndon B. Johnson": 1} 
voice {'Through pride we are ever deceiving ourselves. But deep down below the surface of the average conscience a still, small voice says to us, something is out of tune. -Carl Jung': 1, 'Of course the people dont want war...that is understood. But voice or no voice, the people can always be brought to the bidding of the leaders. That is easy. All you have to do is tell them they are being attacked, and denounce the pacifists for lack of patriotism and exposing the country to danger. It works the same in any country. -Hermann Goering': 2} 
anchor {'Cast your cares on God; that anchor holds. -Frank Moore Colby': 1} 
launched {'Every gun that is made, every warship launched, every rocket fired, signifies in the final sense a theft from those who hunger and are not fed, those who are cold and are not clothed. -Dwight Eisenhower': 1} 
nows {'Forever is composed of nows. -Emily Dickinson': 1} 
remembering {'Originality is the fine art of remembering what you hear but forgetting where you heard it. -Laurence Peter': 1} 
seven {'When you work seven days a week, fourteen hours a day, you get lucky. -Armand Hammer': 1, 'All human actions have one or more of these seven causes: chance, nature, compulsions, habit, reason, passion, desire. -Aristotle': 1} 
played {"The puritanism of Christianity has played havoc with the moderation that an enlightened and tolerant critical spirit would have produced. I've noticed that in whatever country, county, town, or other region there is a regulation enjoining temperance, the population seems to be entirely composed of teetotallers and drunkards. There's a Bible on that shelf there. But I keep it next to Voltaire - poison and antidote. -Bertrand Russell": 1} 
is {'Deliberation and debate is the way you stir the soul of our democracy. -Jesse Jackson': 1, 'The supernatural is the natural not yet understood. -Elbert Hubbard': 1, 'Life is no brief candle to me. It is a sort of splendid torch which I have got a hold of for the moment, and I want to make it burn as brightly as possible before handing it onto future generations. -George Bernard Shaw': 2, 'Laughter is the sun that drives winter from the human face. -Victor Hugo': 1, "You can't depend on your eyes when your imagination is out of focus. -Mark Twain": 1, 'Through pride we are ever deceiving ourselves. But deep down below the surface of the average conscience a still, small voice says to us, something is out of tune. -Carl Jung': 1, 'After silence, that which comes nearest to expressing the inexpressible is Music. -Aldous Huxley': 1, "What sunshine is to flowers, smiles are to humanity. These are but trifles, to be sure; but scattered along life's pathway, the good they do is inconceivable. -Joseph Addison": 2, 'The act of policing is, in order to punish less often, to punish more severely. -Napoleon Bonaparte': 1, 'It is hard to fail, but it is worse never to have tried to succeed. -Theodore Roosevelt': 2, 'Being is desirable because it is identical with Beauty, and Beauty is loved because it is Being. We ourselves possess Beauty when we are true to our own being; ugliness is in going over to another order; knowing ourselves, we are beautiful; in self-ignorance, we are ugly. -Ambrose Bierce': 5, 'How we spend our days is, of course, how we spend our lives. -Annie Dillard': 1, 'We are what we repeatedly do. Excellence, therefore, is not an act, but a habit. -Aristotle': 1, 'The price of greatness is responsibility. -Winston Churchill': 1, 'The time which we have at our disposal every day is elastic; the passions we feel expand it, those that we inspire contract it, and habit fills up what remains. -Marcel Proust': 1, 'Freedom is never voluntarily given by the oppressor; it must be demanded by the oppressed. -Martin Luther King Jr.': 1, 'Man is the only animal that blushes - or needs to. -Mark Twain': 1, 'All children are artists. The problem is how to remain an artist once he grows up. -Pablo Picasso': 1, 'Moral indignation is jealousy with a halo. -H.G. Wells': 1, "It is a good idea to ''shop around'' before you settle on a doctor. Ask about the condition of his Mercedes. Ask about the competence of his mechanic. Don't be shy! After all, you're paying for it. -Dave Barry": 1, 'My aim is to put down on paper what I see and what I feel in the best and simplest way. -Ernest Hemingway': 1, 'Every decent man is ashamed of the government he lives under. -Henry Mencken': 1, 'The writer\x92s job is not to judge, but to seek to understand. -Ernest Hemingway': 1, 'Freedom is not something that anybody can be given; freedom is something people take and people are as free as they want to be. -James Baldwin': 2, "Ever notice that 'what the hell' is always the right decision? -Marilyn Monroe": 1, 'All good art is about something deeper than it admits. -Roger Ebert': 1, 'The greatest lesson in life is to know that even fools are right sometimes. -Winston Churchill': 1, "One thing they never tell you about child raising is that for the rest of your life, at the drop of a hat, you are expected to know your child's name and how old he or she is. -Erna Bombeck": 2, 'As I would not be a slave, so I would not be a master. This expresses my idea of democracy. Whatever differs from this, to the extent of the difference, is no democracy. -Abraham Lincoln': 1, 'Being born is like being kidnapped. And then sold into slavery. -Andy Warhol': 1, 'A typical vice of American politics is the avoidance of saying anything real on real issues. -Theodore Roosevelt': 1, 'Reason is experimental intelligence, conceived after the pattern of science, and used in the creation of social arts; it has something to do. It liberates man from the bondage of the past, due to ignorance and accident hardened into custom. It projects a better future and assists man in its realization. -John Dewey': 1, 'Philosophy is to the real world as masturbation is to sex. -Karl Marx': 2, 'Karate is a form of marital arts in which people who have had years and years of training can, using only their hands and feet, make some of the worst movies in the history of the world. -Dave Barry': 1, 'One of the striking differences between a cat and a lie is that a cat has only nine lives. -Mark Twain': 1, 'Sex is emotion in motion. -Mae West': 1, "A man's very highest moment is, I have no doubt at all, when he kneels in the dust, and beats his breast, and tells all the sins of his life. -Oscar Wilde": 1, 'Nothing noble is done without risk. -Andr\xe9 Gide': 1, 'Serious sport has nothing to do with fair play. It is bound up with hatred, jealousy, boastfulness, disregard of all rules and sadistic pleasure in witnessing violence. In other words: it is war minus the shooting. -George Orwell': 2, "I'm a middle age white guy, which means I'm constantly reminded that my particular group is responsible for the oppression of every known minority PLUS most wars PLUS government corruption PLUS pollution of the environment, not to mention that it was middle-age white guys who killed Bambi's mom. -Dave Barry": 1, 'Of course the people dont want war...that is understood. But voice or no voice, the people can always be brought to the bidding of the leaders. That is easy. All you have to do is tell them they are being attacked, and denounce the pacifists for lack of patriotism and exposing the country to danger. It works the same in any country. -Hermann Goering': 3, "The function of RAM is to give us guys a way of deciding whose computer has the biggest, studliest, most tumescent MEMORY. This is important, because with today's complex software, the more memory a computer has, the faster it can produce error messages. So the bottom line is, if you're a guy, you cannot have enough RAM. -Dave Barry": 3, 'The difference between genius and stupidity is that genius has its limits. -Albert Einstein': 1, 'Failure is success if we learn from it. -Malcolm Forbes': 1, 'The ACLU is always yakking about the Constitution, and most of us are getting mighty tired of it. I mean, if the Constitution is so great, how come it was amended so many times? Huh? -Dave Barry': 2, 'Beauty is all very well at first sight; but whoever looks at it when it has been in the house three days? -George Bernard Shaw': 1, 'Anyone who invokes authors in discussion is not using his intelligence but his memory. -Leonardo da Vinci': 1, 'Education is an admirable thing, but it is well to remember from time to time that nothing that is worth knowing can be taught. -Oscar Wilde': 3, 'Life is just one damned thing after another. -Elbert Hubbard': 1, 'Let us not forget that the cultivation of the earth is the most important labor of man. When tillage begins, other arts will follow. The farmers, therefore, are the founders of civilization. -Daniel Webster': 1, 'What is now proved was once only imagined. -William Blake': 1, 'If variety is the spice of life, marriage is the big can of leftover Spam. -Johnny Carson': 2, 'There is a theory which states that if ever anyone discovers exactly what the Universe is for and why it is here, it will instantly disappear and be replaced by something even more bizarre and inexplicable. There is another theory which states that this has already happened. -Douglas Adams': 4, 'Advertising is the life of trade. -Calvin Coolidge': 1, "'Tis the business of little minds to shrink, but he whose heart is firm, and whose conscience approves his conduct, will pursue his principles unto death. -Thomas Paine": 1, 'Demoralize the enemy from within by surprise, terror, sabotage, assassination. This is the war of the future. -Adolf Hitler': 1, 'PRESIDENT, n. The leading figure in a small group of men of whom \x97 and of whom only \x97 it is positively known that immense numbers of their countrymen did not want any of them for President. -Ambrose Bierce': 1, 'If a man is called to be a streetsweeper, he should sweep streets even as Michelangelo painted, or Beethoven composed music, or Shakespeare wrote poetry. He should sweep streets so well that all the host of heaven and earth will pause to say, here lived a great streetsweeper who did his job well. -Martin Luther King Jr.': 1, "Being a leader is like being a lady, if you have to go around telling people you are one, you aren't. -Margaret Thatcher": 1, "In every man's heart there is a secret nerve that answers to the vibrations of beauty. -Christopher Morley": 1, 'He therefore is the truest friend to the liberty of this country who tries most to promote its virtue, and who, so far as his power and influence extend, will not suffer a man to be chosen into any office of power and trust who is not a wise and virtuous man. -Samuel Adams': 2, 'Since love grows within you, so beauty grows. For love is the beauty of the soul. -Saint Augustine': 1, 'If men will not act for themselves, what will they do when the benefit of their effort is for all? -Elbert Hubbard': 1, 'There is no glory in battle worth the blood it costs. -Dwight Eisenhower': 1, 'It behooves every man to remember that the work of the critic is of altogether secondary importance, and that, in the end, progress is accomplished by the man who does things. -Theodore Roosevelt': 2, 'If a man is proud of his wealth, he should not be praised until it is known how he employs it. -Socrates': 2, 'Marriage is our last, best chance to grow up. -Joseph Barth': 1, 'I think and think for months and years, ninety-nine times, the conclusion is false. The hundredth time I am right. -Albert Einstein': 1, "Life's Tragedy is that we get old to soon and wise too late. -Benjamin Franklin": 1, "How did it get so late so soon? It's night before it's afternoon. December is here before it's June. My goodness how the time has flewn. How did it get so late so soon? -Theodor Seuss Geisel": 1, 'Sin has many tools, but a lie is the handle which fits them all. -Edmund Burke': 1, 'Love is the delightful interval between meeting a beautiful girl and discovering that she looks like a haddock. -John Barrymore': 1, 'An optimist is a person who starts a new diet on Thanksgiving Day. -Irv Kupcinet': 1, 'What is the most important for democracy is not that great fortunes should not exist, but that great fortunes should not remain in the same hands. In that way there are rich men, but they do not form a class. -Alexis de Tocqueville': 2, 'Maturity is a bitter disappointment for which no remedy exists, unless laughter can be said to remedy anything. -Kurt Vonnegut': 1, 'Forever is composed of nows. -Emily Dickinson': 1, 'If you will not fight for the right when you can easily win without bloodshed; if you will not fight when your victory will be sure and not too costly; you may come to the moment when you will have to fight with all the odds against you and only a small chance of survival. There may even be a worse case: you may have to fight when there is no hope of victory, because it is better to perish than to live as slaves. -Winston Churchill': 2, 'New knowledge is the most valuable commodity on earth. The more truth we have to work with, the richer we become. -Kurt Vonnegut': 1, 'Fame is a fickle food upon a shifting plate. -Emily Dickinson': 1, 'Information is not knowledge. -Albert Einstein': 1, 'Government is not a solution to our problem, government is the problem. -Ronald Reagan': 2, 'It is always thus, impelled by a state of mind which is destined not to last, that we make our irrevocable decisions. -Marcel Proust': 2, "We must repsect the other fellow's religion, but only in the sense and to the extent that we respect his theory that his wife is beautiful and his children are smart. -Henry Mencken": 1, 'It is error alone which needs the support of government. Truth can stand by itself. -Thomas Jefferson': 1, "Humor is mankind's greatest blessing. -Mark Twain": 1, 'I honestly think it is better to be a failure at something you love than to be a success at something you hate. -George Burns': 1, 'I have never started a poem yet whose end I knew. Writing a poem is discovering. -Robert Frost': 1, "What I don't like about office Christmas parties is looking for a job the next day. -Phyllis Diller": 1, 'Washington is a Hollywood for ugly people. Hollywood is a Washington for the simpleminded. -John McCain': 2, 'There can be no liberty unless there is economic liberty. -Margaret Thatcher': 1, "Art is man's expression of his joy in labor. -Henry Kissinger": 1, 'The difference between sex and death is that with death you can do it alone and no one is going to make fun of you. -Woody Allen': 2, 'There is hardly a political question in the United States which does not sooner or later turn into a judicial one. -Alexis de Tocqueville': 1, 'For each illness that doctors cure with medicine, they provoke ten in healthy people by inoculating them with the virus that is a thousand times more powerful than any microbe: the idea that one is ill. -Marcel Proust': 2, 'In the Orthodox spiritual tradition, the ultimate moral question we ask is the following: Is what we are doing, is what I am doing, beautiful or not? -Carolyn Gifford': 3, 'Idealism is fine, but as it approaches reality, the costs become prohibitive. -William F. Buckley': 1, 'Peace is its own reward. -Mahatma Gandhi': 1, 'Everyone is in awe of the lion tamer in a cage with half a dozen lions -- everyone but a school bus driver. -Laurence Peter': 1, 'The biggest bore is the person who is bored by everyone and everything. -Frank Tyger': 2, "Nothing is wrong with Southern California that a rise in the ocean level wouldn't cure. -Kenneth Millar": 1, "I don't care what is written about me, so long as it isn't true. -Dorothy Parker": 1, "Sex without love is a meaningless experience, but as far as meaningless experiences go, it's pretty damn good. -Woody Allen": 1, "It is impossible to experience one's death objectively and still carry a tune. -Woody Allen": 1, 'To be awake is to be alive. -Henry Thoreau': 1, "Happiness is so hard to define and foolish to define. Am I acting? That's the worst thing you can ask yourself. You can be happy suddenly. It can spring on you, not when you reach a plateau. You can be happy going backward or going down. You can be happy at the loss of something. -Steve Martin": 1, 'The public is wonderfully tolerant. It forgives everything except genius. -Oscar Wilde': 1, 'The best way to win an argument is to begin by being right. -Jill Ruckleshaus': 1, 'All men are frauds. The only difference between them is that some admit it. I myself deny it. -Henry Mencken': 1, 'The most incomprehensible thing about the world is that it is at all comprehensible. -Albert Einstein': 2, 'Patience is the companion of wisdom. -Saint Augustine': 1, 'Washington is a city of Southern efficiency and Northern charm. -John F. Kennedy': 1, 'Certain thoughts are prayers. There are moments when, whatever be the attitude of the body, the soul is on its knees. -Victor Hugo': 1, 'It is better to be bold than too circumspect, because fortune is of a sex which likes not a tardy wooer and repulses all who are not ardent. -Nicolo Machiavelli': 2, '\x93Take a chance! All life is a chance. The man who goes farthest is generally the one who is willing to do and dare. -Dale Carnegie': 3, 'In all chaos there is a cosmos, in all disorder a secret order. -Carl Jung': 1, 'Whatever affects one directly, affects all indirectly. I can never be what I ought to be until you are what you ought to be. This is the interrelated structure of reality. -Martin Luther King Jr.': 1, "A diplomat is a man who always remembers a woman's birthday but never remembers her age. -Robert Frost": 1, 'When I took office, only high energy physicists had ever heard of what is called the Worldwide Web....now even my cat has its own page. -Bill Clinton': 1, "Having someone wonder where you are when you don't come home at night is a very old human need. -Margaret Mead": 1, 'In politics, an organized minority is a political majority. -Jesse Jackson': 1, 'My life is my message. -Mahatma Gandhi': 1, 'Your faith is what you believe, not what you know. -Mark Twain': 1, 'America is not like a blanket: one piece of unbroken cloth, the same color, the same texture, the same size. America is more like a quilt: many patches, many pieces, many colors, many sizes, all woven and held together by a common thread. -Jesse Jackson': 2, 'It is better to keep your mouth closed and let people think you are a fool than to open it and remove all doubt. -Mark Twain': 1, 'The whole life of an American is passed like a game of chance, a revolutionary crisis, or a battle. -Alexis de Tocqueville': 1, 'The first thing I do in the morning is brush my teeth and sharpen my tongue. -Dorothy Parker': 1, 'Theology is only thought applied to religion. -GK Chesterton': 1, "It is a scientific fact that your body will not absorb cholesterol if you take it from another person's plate. -Dave Barry": 1, "I think it's the duty of the comedian to find out where the line is drawn and cross it deliberately. -George Carlin": 1, 'Imagination is a quality given a man to compensate him for what he is not, and a sense of humor was provided to console him for what he is. -Oscar Wilde': 3, 'Originality is the fine art of remembering what you hear but forgetting where you heard it. -Laurence Peter': 1, 'Sex at age ninety is like trying to shoot pool with a rope. -George Burns': 1, 'Forgiveness is not an occasional act: it is a permanent attitude. -Martin Luther King Jr.': 2, 'An idea that is developed and put into action is more important than an idea that exists only as an idea. -Siddhartha Buddha': 2, 'Humility is no substitute for a good personality. -Fran Lebowitz': 1, 'That the innocent, though they may have some connexion or dependency upon the guilty (which, perhaps, they themselves cannot help), should not, upon that account, suffer or be punished for the guilty, is one of the plainest and most obvious rules of justice. -Adam Smith': 1, 'I think the best possible social program is a job. -Ronald Reagan': 1, 'What is happiness? The feeling that power is growing, that resistance is overcome. -Friedrich Nietzsche': 3, 'Everything that used to be a sin is now a disease. -Bill Maher': 1, 'It is very easy to tell the difference between man-made and God-made objects. The more you magnify man-made objects, the cruder they look, but the more you magnify God-made objects, the more precise and intricate they appear. -Luther Sutherland': 1, 'To be a philosopher is not merely to have subtle thoughts; but so to love wisdom as to live according to its dictates. -Henry Thoreau': 1, 'Nature is trying very hard to make us succeed, but nature does not depend on us. We are not the only experiment. -Buckminster Fuller': 1, 'Fatherhood is pretending the present you love most is soap on-a-rope. -Bill Cosby': 2, 'There is a great deal of difference between an eager man who wants to read a book and the tired man who wants a book to read. -GK Chesterton': 1, 'Love is the wisdom of the fool and the folly of the wise. -Samuel Johnson': 1, 'There is one thing alone that stands the brunt of life throughout its course: a quiet conscience. -Euripides': 1, 'A Native American elder once described his own inner struggles in this manner: Inside of me there are two dogs. One of the dogs is mean and evil. The other dog is good. The mean dog fights the good dog all the time. When asked which dog wins, he reflected. -George Bernard Shaw': 2, 'Our nettlesome task is to discover how to organize our strength into compelling power. -Martin Luther King Jr.': 1, 'Character is what you are in the dark. -John Whorfin': 1, 'It is said that gifts persuade even the gods. -Euripides': 1, 'It is only by doing things others have not that one can advance. -George Patton': 1, 'The giving of love is an education in itself. -Eleanor Roosevelt': 1, 'There is nothing more exhilarating than to be shot at without result. -Winston Churchill': 1, 'Rings and jewels are not gifts but apologies for gifts. The only true gift is a portion of yourself. -Ralph Waldo Emerson': 1, "Having a male gynecologist is like going to an auto mechanic who doesn't own a car. -Carrie Snow": 1, 'Politics is perhaps the only profession for which no preparation is thought necessary. -Robert Louis Stevenson': 2, 'The magic of first love is our ignorance that it can never end. -Benjamin Disraeli': 1, 'We know life is futile. A man who considers that his life is of very wonderful importance is awfully close to a padded cell. -Clarence Darrow': 3, "Life is not a support system for art. It's the other way around. -Stephen King": 1, 'There is luxury in self-reproach. When we blame ourselves, we feel no one else has a right to blame us. -Oscar Wilde': 1, 'Patriotism is not short, frenzied outbursts of emotion, but the tranquil and steady dedication of a lifetime. -Adlai Stevenson': 1, "The only reason for time is so that everything doesn't happen at once. -Albert Einstein": 1, 'He who is not courageous enough to take risks will accomplish nothing in life. -Muhammad Ali': 1, 'Hanging is too good for a man who makes puns -- he should be drawn and quoted. -Fred Allen': 1, 'Freedom is nothing else but a chance to be better. -Albert Camus': 1, 'No sooner do we depart from sense and instinct to follow reason but we are insensibly drawn into uncouth paradoxes, difficulties, and inconsistencies, which multiply and grow upon us as we advance in speculation; till at length, having wandered through many intricate mazes, we find ourselves just where we were, or, which is worse, sit down in a forlorn scepticism. -George Berkeley': 1, 'Genius is one per cent inspiration, ninety-nine per cent perspiration. -Thomas Edison': 1, "Talent alone won't make you a success. Neither will being in the right place at the right time, unless you are ready. The most important question is: 'Are you ready?' -Johnny Carson": 1, 'An oppressive government is more to be feared than a tiger. -Confucius': 1, 'An actor is at most a poet and at least an entertainer. -Marlon Brando': 1, 'Parting is all we know of heaven and all we need to know of hell. -Emily Dickinson': 1, "My role in society, or any artist's or poet's role, is to try and express what we all feel. Not to tell people how to feel. Not as a preacher, not as a leader, but as a reflection of us all. -John Lennon": 1, "Life's most persistent and urgent question is, 'What are you doing for others?' -Martin Luther King Jr.": 1, "We all want progress, but if you're on the wrong road, progress means doing an about-turn and walking back to the right road; in that case, the man who turns back soonest is the most progressive. -C.S. Lewis": 1, 'The fool doth think he is wise, but the wise man knows himself to be a fool. -William Shakespeare': 1, 'Such is the delicacy of man alone, that no object is produced to his liking. He finds that in everything there is need for improvement. The whole industry of human life is employed not in procuring the supply of our three humble necessities, food, clothes and lodging, but in procuring the conveniences of it according to the nicety and delicacy of our tastes. -Adam Smith': 4, 'If we have no peace, it is because we have forgotten that we belong to each other. -Mother Teresa': 1, 'A man is never more truthful than when he acknowledges himself a liar. -Mark Twain': 1, 'An unjust punishment is never forgotten. -Penelope Fitzgerald': 1, 'To know what is impenetrable to us really exists, manifesting itself as the highest wisdom and the most radiant beauty...this knowledge, this feeling is at the center of true religiousness. -Albert Einstein': 2, 'Prediction is very difficult, especially about the future. -Niels Bohr': 1, 'The worst moment for the athieist is when he feels thankful and has no one to thank. -Dante Gabriel Rossetti': 1, 'Let us now set forth one of the fundamental truths about marriage: the wife is in charge. -Bill Cosby': 1, 'There is no joy in life like the joy of sharing. -Billy Graham': 1, 'Opera is when a guy gets stabbed in the back and, instead of bleeding, he sings. -Ed Gardner': 1, 'To be what we are, and to become what we are capable of becoming, is the only end of life. -Robert Louis Stevenson': 1, 'Imitation is the sincerest of flattery. -Charles Caleb Colton': 1, 'No nation keeps its word. A nation is a big, blind worm, following what? Fate perhaps. A nation has no honor, it has no word to keep. -Carl Jung': 1, "Being president is like being a jackass in a hailstorm. There's nothing to do but stand there and take it. -Lyndon B. Johnson": 1, "What is a wedding? Webster's dictionary defines a wedding as 'the process of removing weeds from one's garden.' -Homer Simpson": 1, 'God does not give heed to the ambitiousness of our prayers, because he is always ready to give to us his light, not a visible light but an intellectual and spiritual one; but we are not always ready to receive it when we turn aside and down to other things out of a desire for temporal things. -Saint Augustine': 1, 'The object of teaching a child is to enable him to get along without a teacher. -Elbert Hubbard': 1, 'The recipe for perpetual ignorance is: be satisfied with your opinions and content with your knowledge. -Elbert Hubbard': 1, 'That men do not learn very much from the lessons of history is the most important of all the lessons of history. -Aldous Huxley': 1, 'Love anything and your heart will be wrung and possibly broken. If you want to make sure of keeping it intact you must give it to no one, not even an animal. Wrap it carefully round with hobbies and little luxuries; avoid all entanglements. Lock it up safe in the casket or coffin of your selfishness. But in that casket, safe, dark, motionless, airless, it will change. It will not be broken; it will become unbreakable, impenetrable, irredeemable. To love is to be vulnerable. -C.S. Lewis': 1, 'Satisfaction lies in the effort, not in the attainment. Full effort is full victory. -Mahatma Gandhi': 1, 'My formula for success is rise early, work late, and strike oil. -Paul Getty': 1, 'Genius may have its limitations, but stupidity is not thus handicapped. -Elbert Hubbard': 1, "Reality is that which, when you stop believing in it, doesn't go away. -Phillip K. Dick": 1, 'The greatest pleasure of life is love. -William Temple': 1, 'A radical is a man with both feet firmly planted in the air. -Franklin D. Roosevelt': 1, 'I have gathered a posie of other men\x92s flowers, and nothing but the thread that binds them is mine own. -John Bartlett': 1, 'He who learns but does not think, is lost! He who thinks but does not learn is in great danger. -Confucius': 2, "Cocaine is God's way of telling someone that they're too rich. -Robin Williams": 1, 'If you are resolutely determined to make a lawyer of yourself, the thing is more than half done already. -Abraham Lincoln': 1, 'This does not mean that the enemy is to be allowed to escape. The object is to make him believe that there is a road to safety, and thus prevent his fighting with the courage of despair. After that, you may crush him. -Sun Tzu': 3, 'I like television. I still believe that television is the most powerful form of communication on Earth -- I just hate what is being done with it. -Alton Brown': 2, 'He who is of calm and happy nature will hardly feel the pressure of age, but to him who is of an opposite disposition youth and age are equally a burden. -Plato': 2, 'On the plus side, death is one of the few things that can be done just as easily lying down. -Woody Allen': 1, 'Under the doctrine of the separation of powers, the manner in which the president personally exercises his assigned executive powers is not subject to questioning by another branch of government. -Richard Nixon': 1, 'Experience is that marvelous thing that enables you to recognize a mistake when you make it again. -Franklin Jones': 1, "Blood is the ink of our life's story. -Jason Mechalek": 1, "I think computer viruses should count as life. I think it says something about human nature that the only form of life we have created so far is purely destructive. We've created life in our own image. -Stephen Hawking": 1, 'America is the only country ever founded on a creed. -GK Chesterton': 1, "The most exciting phrase to hear in science, the one that heralds new discoveries, is not 'Eureka!' (I found it!) but 'That's funny...' -Isaac Asimov": 1, "Science is not about building a body of known 'facts'. It is a method for asking awkward questions and subjecting them to a reality-check, thus avoiding the human tendency to believe whatever makes us feel good. -Terry Pratchett": 2, 'War - an act of violence whose object is to constrain the enemy, to accomplish our will. -George Washington': 1, 'Success is going from failure to failure without losing enthusiasm. -Winston Churchill': 1, 'We know too much, and are convinced of too little. Our literature is a substitute for religion, and so is our religion. -T.S. Eliot': 2, "The puritanism of Christianity has played havoc with the moderation that an enlightened and tolerant critical spirit would have produced. I've noticed that in whatever country, county, town, or other region there is a regulation enjoining temperance, the population seems to be entirely composed of teetotallers and drunkards. There's a Bible on that shelf there. But I keep it next to Voltaire - poison and antidote. -Bertrand Russell": 1, 'The Nation which indulges toward another an habitual hatred or an habitual fondness is in some degree a slave. It is a slave to its animosity or to its affection, either of which is sufficient to lead it astray from its duty and its interest. -George Washington': 3, 'It has been said that man is a rational animal. All my life I have been searching for evidence which could support this. -Bertrand Russell': 1, 'It is your work in life that is the ultimate seduction. -Pablo Picasso': 2, 'One definition of an economist is somebody who sees something happen in practice and wonders if it will work in theory. -Ronald Reagan': 1, "Anybody can become angry - that is easy, but to be angry with the right person and to the right degree and at the right time and for the right purpose, and in the right way - that is not within everybody's power and is not easy. -Aristotle": 3, 'Beauty is ever to the lonely mind a shadow fleeting; she is never plain. She is a visitor who leaves behind the gift of grief, the souvenir of pain. -Christopher Morley': 3, 'Old age is fifteen years older than I am. -Oliver Wendell Holmes': 1, 'Nothing in the world is more dangerous than sincere ignorance and conscientious stupidity. -Martin Luther King Jr.': 1, "Man's best possession is a sympathetic wife. -Euripides": 1, 'Humanity is acquiring all the right technology for all the wrong reasons. -Buckminster Fuller': 1, 'My mind is my own church. -Thomas Paine': 1, 'The first principle is that you must not fool yourself - and you are the easiest person to fool. -Richard P. Feynman': 1, "The movie's director is the pilot. It's his vision. For an actor, the time to worry about flying is when you're on the ground. If you don't want to fly with the director, don't get on the plane. -Denzel Washington": 2, "I realise that I'm making gender-based generalizations here, but my feeling is that if God did not want us to make gender-based generalizations, She would not have given us genders. -Dave Barry": 1, 'My dream is of a place and a time where America will once again be seen as the last best hope of earth. -Abraham Lincoln': 1, 'Thinking is the hardest work there is, which is the probable reason why so few engage in it. -Henry Ford': 3, 'It is one of the blessings of old friends that you can afford to be stupid with them. -Ralph Waldo Emerson': 1, 'It is hard to believe that a man is telling the truth when you know that you would lie if you were in his place. -Henry Mencken': 2, 'The greatest monarch on the proudest throne is obliged to sit upon his own arse. -Benjamin Franklin': 1, 'What the country needs is dirtier fingernails and cleaner minds. -Will Rogers': 1, 'Punctuality is the thief of time. -Oscar Wilde': 1, 'Most modern freedom is at root fear. It is not so much that we are too bold to endure rules; it is rather that we are too timid to endure responsibilities. -GK Chesterton': 3, 'Diligence is the mother of good luck. -Benjamin Franklin': 1, 'The cost of freedom is always high, but Americans have always paid it. And one path we shall never choose, and that is the path of surrender, or submission. -John F. Kennedy': 2, 'Regarding the debate about faith and works: It\x92s like asking which blade in a pair of scissors is most important. -C.S. Lewis': 1, "This is slavery, not to speak one's thought. -Euripides": 1, 'It is only our bad temper that we put down to being tired or worried or hungry; we put our good temper down to ourselves. -C.S. Lewis': 1, 'Every exit is an entry somewhere. -Tom Stoppard': 1, 'Remember that happiness is a way of travel, not a destination. -Roy Goodman': 1, 'Knowledge that is paid for will be longer remembered. -Nachman of Bratslav': 1, 'Poetry is the art of creating imaginary gardens with real toads. -Marianne Moore': 1, 'Surely what a man does when he is caught off his guard is the best evidence as to what sort of man he is. -C.S. Lewis': 3, 'There are several good protections against temptation, but the surest is cowardice. -Mark Twain': 1, 'The good thing about being bisexual is that it doubles your chance of a date on a Saturday night. -Woody Allen': 1, 'It is by the goodness of God that, in this country, we have three benefits: freedom of speech, freedom of thought, and the wisdom never to use either. -Mark Twain': 1, 'Philosophy is questions that may never be answered. Religion is answers that may never be questioned. -Author Unknown': 2, 'When the human race has once acquired a supersitition nothing short of death is ever likely to remove it. -Mark Twain': 1, 'Life is a fatal complaint, and an eminently contagious one. -Oliver Wendell Holmes': 1, 'Life is anything that dies when you stomp on it. -Dave Barry': 1, "To grasp the full significance of life is the actor's duty, to interpret it is his problem and to express it his dedication. -Marlon Brando": 2, 'The surest way of spoiling a pleasure is to start examining your satisfaction. -C.S. Lewis': 1, 'We are living in a world, where what we earn is a function of what we learn. -Bill Clinton': 1, 'Of all lies, art is the least untrue. -Gustave Flaubert': 1, 'She is not perfect. You are not perfect. The question is whether or not you are perfect for each other. -Robin Williams': 2, 'A few hours of mountain climbing turn a villain and a saint into two rather equal creature. Exhaustion is the shortest way to equality and fraternity, and liberty is added eventually by sleep. -Friedrich Nietzsche': 2, 'If there is any principle of the Constitution that more imperatively calls for attachment than any other it is the principle of free thought, not free thought for those who agree with us but freedom for the thought that we hate. -Oliver Wendell Holmes': 2, 'I have often wondered how it is that every man loves himself more than all the rest of men, but yet sets less value on his own opinion of himself than on the opinion of others. -Marcus Aurelius': 1, 'Everything is simpler than you think and at the same time more complex than you imagine. -Johann Wolfgang von Goethe': 1, 'As scarce as truth is, the supply has always been in excess of the demand. -Josh Billings': 1, 'There is nothing funny about Halloween. This sarcastic festival reflects, rather, an infernal demand for revenge by children on the adult world. -Jean Baudrillard': 1, 'The last thing a political party gives up is its vocabulary. -Alexis de Tocqueville': 1, 'Humility is the foundation of all the other virtues hence, in the soul in which this virtue does not exist there cannot be any other virtue except in mere appearance. -Saint Augustine': 1, "Money never made a man happy yet, nor will it. There is nothing in its nature to produce happiness. The more a man has, the more he wants. Instead of its filling a vacuum, it makes one. If it satisfies one want, it doubles and trebles that want another way. That was a true proverb of the wise man, rely upon it; ''Better is little with the fear of the Lord, than great treasure, and trouble therewith. -Benjamin Franklin": 2, 'Without question, the greatest invention in the history of mankind is beer. Oh, I grant you that the wheel was also a fine invention, but the wheel does not go nearly as well with pizza. -Dave Barry': 1, 'Death is psychologically as important as birth. Shrinking away from it is something unhealthy and abnormal which robs the second half of life of its purpose. -Carl Jung': 2, 'Of all the animals, man is the only one that lies. -Mark Twain': 1, 'Egalitarians create the most dangerous inequality of all -- inequality of power. Allowing politicians to determine what all other human beings will be allowed to earn is one of the most reckless gambles imaginable. Like the income tax, it may start off being applied only to the rich but it will inevitably reach us all. -Thomas Sowell': 1, 'The philosophy of one century is the common sense of the next. -Henry Ward Beecher': 1, 'It is your mind that creates this world. -Siddhartha Buddha': 1, 'A right delayed is a right denied. -Martin Luther King Jr.': 1, 'Bashfulness is an ornament to youth, but a reproach to old age. -Aristotle': 1, "We all wish to be judged by our peers, by the men 'after our own heart.' Only they really know our mind and only they judge it by standards we fully acknowledge. Theirs is the praise we really covet and the blame we really dread. The little pockets of early Chrstians survived because they cared exclusively for the love of 'the bretheren' and stopped their ears to the opinion of the Pagan society around them. But a circle of criminals, cranks, or perverts survives in just the same way; by becoming deaf to the opinion of the outer world, by discounting it as the chatter of outsiders who 'don't understand,' of the 'conventional,' the 'bourgeois,' the 'Establishment,' of prigs, prudes, and humbugs. -C.S. Lewis": 1, 'Too many poets delude themselves by thinking that the mind is dangerous and must be left out. Well, the mind is dangerous and must be left in. -Robert Frost': 2, ".I had to face the horrible truth: The antitobacco people are lying. Smoking really is cool. And I'm less cool for not doing it. -Tucker Carlson": 1, 'Education is the ability to listen to almost anything without losing your temper or your self-confidence. -Robert Frost': 1, 'Analyzing humor is like dissecting a frog. Few people are interested and the frog dies of it. -E.B. White': 1, 'As soon as one is unhappy one becomes moral. -Marcel Proust': 1, 'All glory is fleeting. -George Patton': 1, 'We have the Bill of Rights. What we need is a Bill of Responsibilities. -Bill Maher': 1, 'Observe constantly that all things take place by change, and accustom thyself to consider that the nature of the Universe love nothing so much as to change. The Universe is change. -Marcus Aurelius': 1, 'Trust the people. This is the one irrefutable lesson of the entire postwar period contradicting the notion that rigid government controls are essential to economic development. -Ronald Reagan': 1, 'Experts tell us that if the Millennium Bug is not fixed, when the year 2000 arrives, our financial records will be inaccurate, our telephone system will be unreliable, our government will be paralyzed and airline flights will be canceled without warning. In other words, things will be pretty much the same as they are now. -Dave Barry': 1, 'In framing a government which is to be administered by men over men the great difficulty lies in this: You must first enable the government to control the governed, and in the next place, oblige it to control itself. -Alexander Hamilton': 1, 'Marriage is the alliance of two people, one of whom never remembers birthdays and the other who never forgets. -Ogden Nash': 1, 'The United States stands at the pinnacle of world power. This is a solemn moment for the American democracy. For with primacy in power is joined an awe-inspiring accountability for the future. -Winston Churchill': 2, 'There are fathers who do not love their children; there is no grandfather who does not adore his grandson. -Victor Hugo': 1, 'The commonest thing is delightful if only one hides it. -Oscar Wilde': 1, 'A leader is a man who can adapt principles to circumstances. -George Patton': 1, "Some folks look at me and see a certain swagger, which in Texas is called 'walking.' -George W. Bush": 1, 'If we do not help a man in trouble, it is as if we caused the trouble. -Nachman of Bratslav': 1, 'A mind that is stretched by a new experience can never go back to its old dimensions. -Oliver Wendell Holmes': 1, 'The world is full of suffering. It is also full of overcoming it. -Helen Keller': 2, 'In any fairly large and talkative community such as a university there is always the danger that those who think alike should gravitate together where they will henceforth encounter opposition only in the emasculated form of rumour that the outsiders say thus and thus. The absent are easily refuted, complacent dogmatism thrives, and differences of opinion are embittered by the group hostility. Each group hears not the best, but the worst, that the other group can say. -C.S. Lewis': 1, "We seem to be going through a period of nostalgia, and everyone seems to think yesterday was better than today. I don't think it was, and I would advise you not to wait ten years before admitting today was great. If you're hung up on nostalgia, pretend today is yesterday and just go out and have one hell of a time. -Art Buchwald": 1, 'It is a grand mistake to think of being great without goodness and I pronounce it as certain that there was never a truly great man that was not at the same time truly virtuous. -Benjamin Franklin': 1, 'There is time for everything. -Thomas Edison': 1, "Without computers, the government would be unable to function at the level of effectiveness and efficiency that we have come to expect.  This is because the primary function of the government is -- and here I am quoting directly from the U.S. Constitution -- 'to spew out paper.' -Dave Barry": 2, 'Painting is just another way of keeping a diary. -Pablo Picasso': 1, 'I believe one of the reasons so many do not get a higher education is the fear of their parents that they will lose more morally than they will receive mentally. -William Jennings Bryan': 1, "A 'geek' by definition is someone who eats live animals....I've never eaten live animals. -Crispin Glover": 1, "A mathematician is a blind man in a dark room looking for a black cat which isn't there. -Charles Robert": 1, 'The Bible is not my book, and Christianity is not my religion. I could never give assent to the long, complicated statements of Christian dogma. -Abraham Lincoln': 2, 'Slang is the language which takes off its coat, spits on its hands - and goes to work. -Carl Sandburg': 1, 'Love is repaid by love alone! -Mother Teresa': 1, 'There is only one rule for being a good talker - learn to listen. -Christopher Morley': 1, "The only kind of seafood I trust is the fish stick, a totally featureless fish that doesn't have eyeballs or fins. -Dave Barry": 1, "Dying is the most embarrassing thing that can ever happen to you, because someone's got to take care of all your details. -Andy Warhol": 1, 'The truth is always a trick to those who live among lies. -Author Unknown': 1, 'The power of accurate observation is commonly called cynicism by those who have not got it. -George Bernard Shaw': 1, 'To be prepared for war is one of the most effectual means of preserving peace. -George Washington': 1, 'Self-denial is the shining sore on the leprous body of Christianity. -Oscar Wilde': 1, "What is it that makes a complete stranger dive into an icy river to save a solid-gold baby? Maybe we'll never know. -Jack Handey": 1, 'The fruit that can fall without shaking, indeed is too mellow for me. -Lady Mary Wortley Montagu': 1, 'The intellect is not a serious thing, and never has been. It is an instrument on which one plays, that is all. -Oscar Wilde': 3, 'Friendship is a single soul dwelling in two bodies. -Aristotle': 1, 'Music expresses that which cannot be said and on which it is impossible to be silent. -Victor Hugo': 1, 'To defend Western Europe we have to let the Pentagon buy all these tanks and guns and things, and the Pentagon is unable to buy any object that that costs less than a condominium in Vail. If the Pentagon needs, say, fruit, it will argue that it must have fruit that can withstand the rigors of combat conditions, and it will wind up purchasing the FX-700 Seedless Tactical Grape, which will cost $160,000 per bunch, and will have an 83 percent failure rate. -Dave Barry': 1, 'Journalism is literature in a hurry. -Matthew Arnold': 1, 'If I feel physically as if the top of my head were taken off, I know that is poetry. -Emily Dickinson': 1, 'For me, survival is the ability to cope with difficulties, with circumstances, and to overcome them. -Nelson Mandela': 1, 'That is the true season of love, when we believe that we alone can love, that no one could ever have loved so before us, and that no one will love in the same way after us. -Johann Wolfgang von Goethe': 1, "It is necessary for the welfare of society that genius should be privileged to utter sedition, to blaspheme, to outrage good taste, to corrupt the youthful mind, and generally to scandalize one's uncles. -George Bernard Shaw": 1, 'To assert that the earth revolves around the sun is as erroneous as to claim that Jesus was not born of a virgin. -Cardinal Bellarmine': 1, 'Christmas can be celebrated in the school room with pine trees, tinsel and reindeers, but there must be no mention of the man whose birthday is being celebrated. One wonders how a teacher would answer if a student asked why it was called Christmas. -Ronald Reagan': 1, 'I feel impelled to speak today in a language that in a sense is new-one which I, who have spent so much of my life in the military profession, would have preferred never to use. That new language is the language of atomic warfare. -Dwight Eisenhower': 2, 'The last thing one discovers in composing a work is what to put first. -Blaise Pascal': 1, "The only way to keep your health is to eat what you don't want, drink what you don't like, and do what you'd rather not. -Mark Twain": 1, 'Rhis is to be asserted in general of men: that they are ungrateful, fickle, false, cowardly, covetous, and as long as you succeed, are yours entirely; they will offer you their blood, property, life, and children...when the need is far distant; but when it approaches, they will turn against you. -Nicolo Machiavelli': 2, 'Love is the master key which opens the gates of happiness. -Oliver Wendell Holmes': 1, 'Even if there is only one possible unified theory, it is just a set of rules and equations. What is it that breathes fire into the equations and makes a universe for them to describe? -Stephen Hawking': 3, 'The object of war is not to die for your country but to make the other bastard die for his. -George Patton': 1, 'Any reviewer who expresses rage and loathing for a novel is preposterous. He or she is like a person who has put on full armor and attacked a hot fudge sundae. -Kurt Vonnegut': 2, 'He that fights and runs away, may turn and fight another day; but he that is in battle slain, will never rise to fight again. -Tacitus': 1, 'Government is not reason; it is not eloquent; it is force. Like fire, it is a dangerous servant and a fearful master. -George Washington': 4, 'There is hope for the future because God has a sense of humor and we are funny to God. -Bill Cosby': 1, 'It is the dissimilarities and inequalities among men which give rise to the notion of honor; as such differences become less, it grows feeble; and when they disappear, it will vanish too. -Alexis de Tocqueville': 1, 'The least of things with a meaning is worth more in life than the greatest of things without it. -Carl Jung': 1, 'There is no substitute for hard work. -Thomas Edison': 1, 'Women are the only realists; their whole object in life is to pit their realism against the extravagant, excessive, and occasionally drunken idealism of men. -GK Chesterton': 1, 'A free society is one where it is safe to be unpopular. -Adlai Stevenson': 2, 'The best defense against usurpatory government is an assertive citizenry. -William F. Buckley': 1, "Middle age is when you've met so many people that every new person you meet reminds you of someone else. -Ogden Nash": 1, 'To think is to differ. -Clarence Darrow': 1, 'It is unbecoming for young men to utter maxims. -Aristotle': 1, 'Every gun that is made, every warship launched, every rocket fired, signifies in the final sense a theft from those who hunger and are not fed, those who are cold and are not clothed. -Dwight Eisenhower': 1, 'Love is the triumph of imagination over intelligence. -Henry Mencken': 1, 'Simplicity is the ultimate sophistication. -Leonardo da Vinci': 1, 'Happiness is the full use of your powers along lines of excellence. -John F. Kennedy': 1, 'There is wishful thinking in Hell as well as on Earth. -C.S. Lewis': 1, 'What we are today comes from our thoughts of yesterday and our present thoughts build our life tomorrow. Our life is the creation of our mind. -Siddhartha Buddha': 1, "You cannot go on 'explaining away' for ever: you will find that you have explained explanation itself away. You cannot go on 'seeing through' things for ever. The whole point of seeing through something is to see something through it. -C.S. Lewis": 1, 'All virtue is summed up in dealing justly. -Aristotle': 1, "The nice thing about being a celebrity is that, if you bore people, they think it's their fault. -Henry Kissinger": 1, "I have come to the conclusion that my subjective account of my motivation is largely mythical on almost all occasions. I don't know why I do things. -J.B.S. Haldane": 1, 'Time is a great teacher, but unfortunately it kills all its pupils. -Louis Hector Berlioz': 1, 'The thing we all have to understand to put these last two years in focus, is that liberals in this country care more about whether European leaders like us than they do about whether terrorists are killing us. -Rush Limbaugh': 1, "All I want out of life, is that when I walk down the street folks will say, 'There goes the greatest hitter that ever lived.' -Ted Williams": 1, 'There is only one force of history that can break the reign of hatred and resentment, and expose the pretensions of tyrants, and reward the hopes of the decent and tolerant, and that is the force of human freedom. -George W. Bush': 2, 'We ascribe beauty to that which is simple; which has no superfluous parts; which exactly answers its end; which stands related to all things; which is the mean of many extremes. -Ralph Waldo Emerson': 2, 'A great deal of intelligence can be invested in ignorance when the need for illusion is deep. -Saul Bellow': 1, 'The mind of the thoroughly well-informed man is a dreadful thing. It is like a bric-\xe0-brac shop, all monsters and dust, with everything priced above its proper value. -Oscar Wilde': 2, 'It is always more difficult to fight against faith than against knowledge. -Adolf Hitler': 1, 'The hour of departure has arrived, and we go our ways - I to die, and you to live. Which is better God only knows. -Plato': 1, 'Freedom is the right to question and change the established way of doing things. It is the continuous revolution of the marketplace. It is the understanding that allows us to recognize shortcomings and seek solutions. -Ronald Reagan': 3, 'In any moment of decision, the best thing you can do is the right thing. The worst thing you can do is nothing. -Theodore Roosevelt': 2, 'I have one yardstick by which I test every major problem-and that yardstick is: Is it good for America? -Dwight Eisenhower': 2, 'Nothing separates the generations more than music. By the time a child is eight or nine, he has developed a passion for his own music that is even stronger than his passions for procrastination and weird clothes. -Bill Cosby': 2, 'The leading cause of death among fashion models is falling through street grates. -Dave Barry': 1, 'I do not believe one can settle how much we ought to give. I am afraid the only safe rule is to give more than we can spare. -C.S. Lewis': 1, 'Love is a fruit in season at all times, and within reach of every hand. -Mother Teresa': 1, 'To one who has faith, no explanation is necessary. To one without faith, no explanation is possible. -Thomas Aquinas': 2, "Life is what happens to you while you're busy making other plans. -John Lennon": 1, 'Every difference of opinion is not a difference of principle. We have called by different names brethren of the same principle. -Thomas Jefferson': 1, 'It must be remembered that there is nothing more difficult to plan, more doubtful of success nor more dangerous to manage than the creation of a new system. For the initiator has the enmity of all who profit by the preservation of the old institution and merely lukewarm defenders in those who would gain by the new one. -Nicolo Machiavelli': 1, 'The reason we hold truth in such respect is because we have so little opportunity to get familiar with it. -Mark Twain': 1, 'The only paradise is paradise lost. -Marcel Proust': 1, 'Television is a medium of entertainment which permits millions of people to listen to the same joke at the same time, and yet remain lonesome. -T.S. Eliot': 1, 'Science without religion is lame, religion without science is blind. -Albert Einstein': 2, 'All art is but imitation of nature. -Lucius Annaeus Seneca': 1, 'The surface of American society is covered with a layer of democratic paint, but from time to time one can see the old aristocratic colours breaking through. -Alexis de Tocqueville': 1, 'The greatest thing in this world is not so much where we are, but in what direction we are moving. -Oliver Wendell Holmes': 1, 'A star on a movie set is like a time bomb. That bomb has got to be defused so people can approach it without fear. -Jack Nicholson': 1, 'A word is dead when it is said, some say. I say it just begins to live that day. -Emily Dickinson': 2, 'There is no strength in unbelief. Even the unbelief of what is false is no source of might. It is the truth shining from behind that gives the strength to disbelieve. -George MacDonald': 4, 'The mintage of wisdom is to know that rest is rust, and that real life is in love, laughter, and work. -Elbert Hubbard': 3, 'The MPAA rates this PG-13. It is too vulgar for anyone under 13, and too dumb for anyone over 13. -Roger Ebert': 1, 'I always cheer up immensely if an attack is particularly wounding because I think, well, if they attack one personally, it means they have not a single political argument left. -Margaret Thatcher': 1, 'It is most unwise for people in love to marry. -George Bernard Shaw': 1, 'The best of life is conversation, and the greatest success is confidence, or perfect understanding between two people. -Ralph Waldo Emerson': 2, 'It is astonishing what an effort it seems to be for many people to put their brains definitely and systematically to work. -Thomas Edison': 1, 'There are no secrets to success. It is the result of preparation, hard work, and learning from failure. -Colin Powell': 1, 'Skepticism is a virtue in history as well as in philosophy. -Napoleon Bonaparte': 1, 'Worry is interest paid on trouble before it falls due. -W. R. Inge': 1, 'Love means loving the unlovable - or it is no virtue at all. -GK Chesterton': 1, 'To explain the unknown by the known is a logical procedure; to explain the known by the unknown is a form of theological lunacy. -David Brooks': 2, 'My main objective is to be professional but to kill him. -Mike Tyson': 1, 'By a curious confusion, many modern critics have passed from the proposition that a masterpiece may be unpopular to the other proposition that unless it is unpopular it cannot be a masterpiece. -GK Chesterton': 1, 'There are a thousand hacking at the branches of evil to one who is striking at the root. -Henry Thoreau': 1, 'Heroism is not only in the man, but in the occasion. -Calvin Coolidge': 1, "Is there anything more beautiful than a beautiful, beautiful flamingo, flying across in front of a beautiful sunset? And he's carrying a beautiful rose in his beak, and also he's carrying a very beautiful painting with his feet. And also, you're drunk. -Jack Handey": 1, 'Anger is never without an argument, but seldom with a good one. -George Savile': 1, "To be pleased with one's limits is a wretched state. -Johann Wolfgang von Goethe": 1, 'All men are timid on entering any fight. Whether it is the first or the last fight, all of us are timid. Cowards are those who let their timidity get the better of their manhood. -George Patton': 1, 'There is no question that there is an unseen world. The problem is, how far is it from midtown and how late is it open? -Woody Allen': 5, 'It is the madness of folly, to expect mercy from those who have refused to do justice; and even mercy, where conquest is the object, is only a trick of war; the cunning of the fox is as murderous as the violence of the wolf. -Thomas Paine': 4, "Christmas is a time when you get homesick, even when you're home. -Carol Nelson": 1, 'The greatest happiness of life is the conviction that we are loved, loved for ourselves, or rather, loved in spite of ourselves. -Victor Hugo': 1, "This is the second most exciting indoor sport, and the other one shouldn't have spectators. -Dick Vertleib": 1, 'Enthusiasm is the great hill-climber. -Elbert Hubbard': 1, 'Not only is there no God, but try finding a plumber on Sunday. -Woody Allen': 1, 'Collecting more taxes than is absolutely necessary is legalized robbery. -Calvin Coolidge': 2, 'Science is facts; just as houses are made of stones, so is science made of facts; but a pile of stones is not a house and a collection of facts is not necessarily science. -Henri Poincare': 4, 'A single death is a tragedy; a million deaths is a statistic. -Joseph Stalin': 2} 
joseph stalin {'A single death is a tragedy; a million deaths is a statistic. -Joseph Stalin': 1} 
it {"It is impossible to experience one's death objectively and still carry a tune. -Woody Allen": 1, 'Were it possible for us to wait for ourselves to come into the room, not many of us would find our hearts breaking into flower as we heard the door handle turn. -Rebecca West': 1, "I didn't attend the funeral, but I sent a nice letter saying I approved of it. -Mark Twain": 1, "The most exciting phrase to hear in science, the one that heralds new discoveries, is not 'Eureka!' (I found it!) but 'That's funny...' -Isaac Asimov": 1, "Science is not about building a body of known 'facts'. It is a method for asking awkward questions and subjecting them to a reality-check, thus avoiding the human tendency to believe whatever makes us feel good. -Terry Pratchett": 1, "I planted some bird seed. A bird came up. Now I don't know what to feed it. -Steven Wright": 1, 'The cost of freedom is always high, but Americans have always paid it. And one path we shall never choose, and that is the path of surrender, or submission. -John F. Kennedy': 1, 'The power of accurate observation is commonly called cynicism by those who have not got it. -George Bernard Shaw': 1, "Happiness is so hard to define and foolish to define. Am I acting? That's the worst thing you can ask yourself. You can be happy suddenly. It can spring on you, not when you reach a plateau. You can be happy going backward or going down. You can be happy at the loss of something. -Steve Martin": 1, 'Religion operates not only on the vertical plane but also on the horizontal. It seeks not only to integrate men with God but to integrate men with men and each man with himself. -Martin Luther King Jr.': 1, 'Inspiration exists, but it has to find you working. -Pablo Picasso': 1, "The puritanism of Christianity has played havoc with the moderation that an enlightened and tolerant critical spirit would have produced. I've noticed that in whatever country, county, town, or other region there is a regulation enjoining temperance, the population seems to be entirely composed of teetotallers and drunkards. There's a Bible on that shelf there. But I keep it next to Voltaire - poison and antidote. -Bertrand Russell": 1, 'No man will make a great leader who wants to do it all himself or get all the credit for doing it. -Andrew Carnegie': 2, "What is it that makes a complete stranger dive into an icy river to save a solid-gold baby? Maybe we'll never know. -Jack Handey": 1, 'All men are frauds. The only difference between them is that some admit it. I myself deny it. -Henry Mencken': 2, 'The most incomprehensible thing about the world is that it is at all comprehensible. -Albert Einstein': 1, 'The intellect is not a serious thing, and never has been. It is an instrument on which one plays, that is all. -Oscar Wilde': 1, "Accept good advice gracefully--as long as it doesn't interfere with what you intended to do in the first place. -Gene Brown": 1, 'One definition of an economist is somebody who sees something happen in practice and wonders if it will work in theory. -Ronald Reagan': 1, 'To defend Western Europe we have to let the Pentagon buy all these tanks and guns and things, and the Pentagon is unable to buy any object that that costs less than a condominium in Vail. If the Pentagon needs, say, fruit, it will argue that it must have fruit that can withstand the rigors of combat conditions, and it will wind up purchasing the FX-700 Seedless Tactical Grape, which will cost $160,000 per bunch, and will have an 83 percent failure rate. -Dave Barry': 3, 'Analyzing humor is like dissecting a frog. Few people are interested and the frog dies of it. -E.B. White': 1, 'There is a theory which states that if ever anyone discovers exactly what the Universe is for and why it is here, it will instantly disappear and be replaced by something even more bizarre and inexplicable. There is another theory which states that this has already happened. -Douglas Adams': 2, 'It is better to be bold than too circumspect, because fortune is of a sex which likes not a tardy wooer and repulses all who are not ardent. -Nicolo Machiavelli': 1, "There are people who put their dreams in a little box and say, Yes, I've got dreams, of course I've got dreams. Then they put the box away and bring it out once in awhile to look in it, and yep, they're still there. -Erna Bombeck": 2, 'We have it in our power to begin the world over again. -Thomas Paine': 1, 'If society fits you comfortably enough, you call it freedom. -Robert Frost': 1, 'Death is psychologically as important as birth. Shrinking away from it is something unhealthy and abnormal which robs the second half of life of its purpose. -Carl Jung': 1, 'A powerful idea communicates some of its strength to him who challenges it. -Marcel Proust': 1, 'It is hard to fail, but it is worse never to have tried to succeed. -Theodore Roosevelt': 2, "Of all tyrannies, a tyranny exercised for the good of its victims may be the most oppressive. It may be better to live under robber barons than under omnipotent moral busybodies. The robber baron's cruelty may sometimes sleep, his cupidity may at some point be satiated; but those who torment us for our own good will torment us without end, for they do so with the approval of their own conscience. -C.S. Lewis": 1, 'I will honor Christmas in my heart, and try to keep it all the year. -Charles Dickens': 1, "How did it get so late so soon? It's night before it's afternoon. December is here before it's June. My goodness how the time has flewn. How did it get so late so soon? -Theodor Seuss Geisel": 2, "If your kid makes one of those little homemade guitars out of a cigar box and rubber bands, don't let him just play it once or twice and then throw it away. Make him practice on it, every day, for about three hours a day. Later, he'll thank you. -Jack Handey": 3, 'On account of being a democracy and run by the people, we are the only nation in the world that has to keep a government four years, no matter what it does. -Will Rogers': 1, 'Being is desirable because it is identical with Beauty, and Beauty is loved because it is Being. We ourselves possess Beauty when we are true to our own being; ugliness is in going over to another order; knowing ourselves, we are beautiful; in self-ignorance, we are ugly. -Ambrose Bierce': 2, "It is necessary for the welfare of society that genius should be privileged to utter sedition, to blaspheme, to outrage good taste, to corrupt the youthful mind, and generally to scandalize one's uncles. -George Bernard Shaw": 1, 'Music expresses that which cannot be said and on which it is impossible to be silent. -Victor Hugo': 1, "Don't ever take a fence down until you know why it was put up. -Robert Frost": 1, 'Rhis is to be asserted in general of men: that they are ungrateful, fickle, false, cowardly, covetous, and as long as you succeed, are yours entirely; they will offer you their blood, property, life, and children...when the need is far distant; but when it approaches, they will turn against you. -Nicolo Machiavelli': 1, "I think, at a child's birth, if a mother could ask a fairy godmother to endow it with the most useful gift, that gift should be curiosity. -Eleanor Roosevelt": 1, 'The time which we have at our disposal every day is elastic; the passions we feel expand it, those that we inspire contract it, and habit fills up what remains. -Marcel Proust': 2, 'I made this letter longer than usual because I lack the time to make it short. -Blaise Pascal': 1, 'Freedom is never voluntarily given by the oppressor; it must be demanded by the oppressed. -Martin Luther King Jr.': 1, 'It is better to keep your mouth closed and let people think you are a fool than to open it and remove all doubt. -Mark Twain': 2, 'It still remains true that no justification of virtue will enable a man to be virtuous. -C.S. Lewis': 1, "Remember, if you smoke after sex you're doing it too fast. -Woody Allen": 1, 'Against criticism a man can neither protest nor defend himself; he must act in spite of it, and then it will gradually yield to him. -Johann Wolfgang von Goethe': 2, 'Even if there is only one possible unified theory, it is just a set of rules and equations. What is it that breathes fire into the equations and makes a universe for them to describe? -Stephen Hawking': 2, "By the time we've made it, we've had it. -Malcolm Forbes": 2, 'Thinking is the hardest work there is, which is the probable reason why so few engage in it. -Henry Ford': 1, 'It is one of the blessings of old friends that you can afford to be stupid with them. -Ralph Waldo Emerson': 1, 'The public is wonderfully tolerant. It forgives everything except genius. -Oscar Wilde': 1, 'It is by the goodness of God that, in this country, we have three benefits: freedom of speech, freedom of thought, and the wisdom never to use either. -Mark Twain': 1, "It is a scientific fact that your body will not absorb cholesterol if you take it from another person's plate. -Dave Barry": 2, "I think it's the duty of the comedian to find out where the line is drawn and cross it deliberately. -George Carlin": 1, 'I hate war as only a soldier who has lived it can, only as one who has seen its brutality, its futility, its stupidity. -Dwight Eisenhower': 1, 'It is the dissimilarities and inequalities among men which give rise to the notion of honor; as such differences become less, it grows feeble; and when they disappear, it will vanish too. -Alexis de Tocqueville': 3, 'The least of things with a meaning is worth more in life than the greatest of things without it. -Carl Jung': 1, 'Originality is the fine art of remembering what you hear but forgetting where you heard it. -Laurence Peter': 1, 'Imagination will often carry us to worlds that never were. But without it, we go nowhere. -Carl Sagan': 1, "History doesn't repeat itself, but it does rhyme. -Mark Twain": 1, 'Forgiveness is not an occasional act: it is a permanent attitude. -Martin Luther King Jr.': 1, "As a woman, I find it very embarrassing to be in a meeting and realize I'm the only one in the room with balls. -Rita Mae Brown": 1, "I paid too much for it, but it's worth it. -Samuel Goldwyn": 2, "It is a good idea to ''shop around'' before you settle on a doctor. Ask about the condition of his Mercedes. Ask about the competence of his mechanic. Don't be shy! After all, you're paying for it. -Dave Barry": 2, 'All good art is about something deeper than it admits. -Roger Ebert': 1, 'Politics has got so expensive that it takes lots of money to even get beat with. -Will Rogers': 1, 'If there is any principle of the Constitution that more imperatively calls for attachment than any other it is the principle of free thought, not free thought for those who agree with us but freedom for the thought that we hate. -Oliver Wendell Holmes': 1, "I like to say that I'm bisexual...when I want sex, I buy it. -Boy George": 1, 'The Nation which indulges toward another an habitual hatred or an habitual fondness is in some degree a slave. It is a slave to its animosity or to its affection, either of which is sufficient to lead it astray from its duty and its interest. -George Washington': 2, 'Most modern freedom is at root fear. It is not so much that we are too bold to endure rules; it is rather that we are too timid to endure responsibilities. -GK Chesterton': 2, 'It has been said that man is a rational animal. All my life I have been searching for evidence which could support this. -Bertrand Russell': 1, "Every author should weigh his work and ask, 'Will humanity gain any benefit from it?' -Nachman of Bratslav": 1, 'Reason is experimental intelligence, conceived after the pattern of science, and used in the creation of social arts; it has something to do. It liberates man from the bondage of the past, due to ignorance and accident hardened into custom. It projects a better future and assists man in its realization. -John Dewey': 3, 'It is very easy to tell the difference between man-made and God-made objects. The more you magnify man-made objects, the cruder they look, but the more you magnify God-made objects, the more precise and intricate they appear. -Luther Sutherland': 1, 'Life is no brief candle to me. It is a sort of splendid torch which I have got a hold of for the moment, and I want to make it burn as brightly as possible before handing it onto future generations. -George Bernard Shaw': 3, "We seem to be going through a period of nostalgia, and everyone seems to think yesterday was better than today. I don't think it was, and I would advise you not to wait ten years before admitting today was great. If you're hung up on nostalgia, pretend today is yesterday and just go out and have one hell of a time. -Art Buchwald": 1, 'Providence protects children and idiots. I know because I have tested it. -Mark Twain': 1, "Don't knock the weather; nine-tenths of the people couldn't start a conversation if it didn't change once in a while. -Kin Hubbard": 1, "It's not how old you are, it's how hard you work at it. -Jonah Barrington": 1, 'I never knew what real happiness was until I got married, and by then it was too late. -Max Kaufman': 1, 'It is only our bad temper that we put down to being tired or worried or hungry; we put our good temper down to ourselves. -C.S. Lewis': 1, "To me, clowns aren't funny. In fact, they're kinda scary. I've wondered where this started, and I think it goes back to the time I went to the circus and a clown killed my dad. -Jack Handey": 1, 'Serious sport has nothing to do with fair play. It is bound up with hatred, jealousy, boastfulness, disregard of all rules and sadistic pleasure in witnessing violence. In other words: it is war minus the shooting. -George Orwell': 2, 'A free society is one where it is safe to be unpopular. -Adlai Stevenson': 1, 'Government is not reason; it is not eloquent; it is force. Like fire, it is a dangerous servant and a fearful master. -George Washington': 3, "You don't take a photograph, you make it. -Ansel Adams": 1, "I'm a middle age white guy, which means I'm constantly reminded that my particular group is responsible for the oppression of every known minority PLUS most wars PLUS government corruption PLUS pollution of the environment, not to mention that it was middle-age white guys who killed Bambi's mom. -Dave Barry": 1, 'Of course the people dont want war...that is understood. But voice or no voice, the people can always be brought to the bidding of the leaders. That is easy. All you have to do is tell them they are being attacked, and denounce the pacifists for lack of patriotism and exposing the country to danger. It works the same in any country. -Hermann Goering': 1, "You give me a credit to which I have no claim in calling me 'the writer of the Constitution of the United States.' This was not, like the fabled Goddess of Wisdom, the offspring of a single brain. It ought to be regarded as the work of many heads and many hands. -James Madison": 1, "You cannot go on 'explaining away' for ever: you will find that you have explained explanation itself away. You cannot go on 'seeing through' things for ever. The whole point of seeing through something is to see something through it. -C.S. Lewis": 1, 'There is no question that there is an unseen world. The problem is, how far is it from midtown and how late is it open? -Woody Allen': 2, "The function of RAM is to give us guys a way of deciding whose computer has the biggest, studliest, most tumescent MEMORY. This is important, because with today's complex software, the more memory a computer has, the faster it can produce error messages. So the bottom line is, if you're a guy, you cannot have enough RAM. -Dave Barry": 1, 'It is said that gifts persuade even the gods. -Euripides': 1, 'It is astonishing what an effort it seems to be for many people to put their brains definitely and systematically to work. -Thomas Edison': 2, 'Failure is success if we learn from it. -Malcolm Forbes': 1, 'The ACLU is always yakking about the Constitution, and most of us are getting mighty tired of it. I mean, if the Constitution is so great, how come it was amended so many times? Huh? -Dave Barry': 2, 'It is only by doing things others have not that one can advance. -George Patton': 1, 'Beauty is all very well at first sight; but whoever looks at it when it has been in the house three days? -George Bernard Shaw': 2, 'Education is an admirable thing, but it is well to remember from time to time that nothing that is worth knowing can be taught. -Oscar Wilde': 1, 'Time is a great teacher, but unfortunately it kills all its pupils. -Louis Hector Berlioz': 1, 'When the human race has once acquired a supersitition nothing short of death is ever likely to remove it. -Mark Twain': 1, 'The magic of first love is our ignorance that it can never end. -Benjamin Disraeli': 1, 'Life is anything that dies when you stomp on it. -Dave Barry': 1, 'I honestly think it is better to be a failure at something you love than to be a success at something you hate. -George Burns': 1, "My life has no purpose, no direction, no aim, no meaning, and yet I'm happy. I can't figure it out. What am I doing right? -Charles Schulz": 1, 'Do good by stealth, and blush to find it fame. -Alexander Pope': 1, 'Life does not cease to be funny when people die any more than it ceases to be serious when people laugh. -George Bernard Shaw': 1, 'If the primary aim of a captain were to preserve his ship, he would keep it in port forever. -Thomas Aquinas': 1, 'The mind of the thoroughly well-informed man is a dreadful thing. It is like a bric-\xe0-brac shop, all monsters and dust, with everything priced above its proper value. -Oscar Wilde': 1, 'Experience proves this, or that, or nothing, according to the preconceptions we bring to it. -C.S. Lewis': 1, "I've had a wonderful time, but this wasn't it. -Groucho Marx": 1, 'Freedom is the right to question and change the established way of doing things. It is the continuous revolution of the marketplace. It is the understanding that allows us to recognize shortcomings and seek solutions. -Ronald Reagan': 2, "Of course I don't believe in it. But I understand that it brings you luck whether you believe in it or not. -Niels Bohr": 3, "I once said cynically of a politician, 'He'll doublecross that bridge when he comes to it.' -Oscar Levant": 1, 'I have one yardstick by which I test every major problem-and that yardstick is: Is it good for America? -Dwight Eisenhower': 1, "Don't take life too seriously; you'll never get out of it alive. -Elbert Hubbard": 1, "Instead of a trap door, what about a trap window? The guy looks out it, and if he leans too far, he falls out. Wait. I guess that's like a regular window. -Jack Handey": 1, 'The good thing about being bisexual is that it doubles your chance of a date on a Saturday night. -Woody Allen': 1, 'I have often wondered how it is that every man loves himself more than all the rest of men, but yet sets less value on his own opinion of himself than on the opinion of others. -Marcus Aurelius': 1, 'How did it happen that their lips came together? How does it happen that birds sing, that snow melts, that the rose unfolds, that the dawn whitens behind the stark shapes of trees on the quivering summit of the hill? A kiss, and all was said. -Victor Hugo': 2, "Money doesn't talk, it swears. -Bob Dylan": 1, 'Happiness makes up in height for what it lacks in length. -Robert Frost': 1, 'It is always more difficult to fight against faith than against knowledge. -Adolf Hitler': 1, 'I thought it completely absurd to mention my name in the same breath as the Presidency. -Dwight Eisenhower': 1, 'Let us have faith that right makes might, and in that faith, let us, to the end, dare to do our duty as we understand it. -Abraham Lincoln': 1, "Money never made a man happy yet, nor will it. There is nothing in its nature to produce happiness. The more a man has, the more he wants. Instead of its filling a vacuum, it makes one. If it satisfies one want, it doubles and trebles that want another way. That was a true proverb of the wise man, rely upon it; ''Better is little with the fear of the Lord, than great treasure, and trouble therewith. -Benjamin Franklin": 5, 'I am a strong believer in luck and I find the harder I work the more I have of it. -Benjamin Franklin': 1, 'It is the madness of folly, to expect mercy from those who have refused to do justice; and even mercy, where conquest is the object, is only a trick of war; the cunning of the fox is as murderous as the violence of the wolf. -Thomas Paine': 1, 'Get mad, then get over it. -Colin Powell': 1, 'It must be remembered that there is nothing more difficult to plan, more doubtful of success nor more dangerous to manage than the creation of a new system. For the initiator has the enmity of all who profit by the preservation of the old institution and merely lukewarm defenders in those who would gain by the new one. -Nicolo Machiavelli': 1, 'Christ died for men precisely because men are not worth dying for; to make them worth it. -C.S. Lewis': 1, 'Egalitarians create the most dangerous inequality of all -- inequality of power. Allowing politicians to determine what all other human beings will be allowed to earn is one of the most reckless gambles imaginable. Like the income tax, it may start off being applied only to the rich but it will inevitably reach us all. -Thomas Sowell': 2, "I have a hobby...I have the world's largest collection of sea shells. I keep it scattered on beaches all over the world. Maybe you've seen some of it... -Steven Wright": 2, 'There is no glory in battle worth the blood it costs. -Dwight Eisenhower': 1, 'Goldie and I did have a car stolen right out of our yard. It took us three days to notice. -Kurt Russell': 1, 'It is your mind that creates this world. -Siddhartha Buddha': 1, 'It behooves every man to remember that the work of the critic is of altogether secondary importance, and that, in the end, progress is accomplished by the man who does things. -Theodore Roosevelt': 1, 'If we have no peace, it is because we have forgotten that we belong to each other. -Mother Teresa': 1, 'The reason we hold truth in such respect is because we have so little opportunity to get familiar with it. -Mark Twain': 1, 'If a man is proud of his wealth, he should not be praised until it is known how he employs it. -Socrates': 2, "We all wish to be judged by our peers, by the men 'after our own heart.' Only they really know our mind and only they judge it by standards we fully acknowledge. Theirs is the praise we really covet and the blame we really dread. The little pockets of early Chrstians survived because they cared exclusively for the love of 'the bretheren' and stopped their ears to the opinion of the Pagan society around them. But a circle of criminals, cranks, or perverts survives in just the same way; by becoming deaf to the opinion of the outer world, by discounting it as the chatter of outsiders who 'don't understand,' of the 'conventional,' the 'bourgeois,' the 'Establishment,' of prigs, prudes, and humbugs. -C.S. Lewis": 2, 'I arrive at the end of this review having done my duty as a critic. I have described the movie accurately and you have a good idea what you are in for if you go to see it. Most of you will not. I cannot argue with you. Some of you will--the brave and the curious. You embody the spirit of the man who first wondered what it would taste like to eat an oyster. -Roger Ebert': 2, 'When in doubt, do it. -Oliver Wendell Holmes': 1, ".I had to face the horrible truth: The antitobacco people are lying. Smoking really is cool. And I'm less cool for not doing it. -Tucker Carlson": 1, "One of the great attractions of patriotism -- it fulfills our worst wishes. In the person of our nation we are able, vicariously, to bully and cheat. Bully and cheat, what's more, with a feeling that we are profoundly virtuous. -Aldous Huxley": 1, 'Government consists in nothing else but so controlling subjects that they shall neither be able to, nor have cause to do it harm. -Nicolo Machiavelli': 1, "I think a good gift for the president would be a chocolate revolver. And since he's so busy, you'd probably have to run up to him and hand it to him. -Jack Handey": 1, 'A star on a movie set is like a time bomb. That bomb has got to be defused so people can approach it without fear. -Jack Nicholson': 1, 'Those who expect to reap the blessings of freedom must, like men, undergo the fatigue of supporting it. -Thomas Paine': 1, 'It is hard to believe that a man is telling the truth when you know that you would lie if you were in his place. -Henry Mencken': 1, 'Cooking was invented in prehistoric times, when a primitive tribe had a lucky accident. The tribe had killed an animal and was going to eat it raw, when a tribe member named Woog tripped and dropped it into the fire. At first the other tribe members were angry at Woog, but then, as the aroma of burning meat filled the air, they had an idea. So they ate Woog raw. -Dave Barry': 2, "When I see a play and understand it the first time, then I know it can't be much good. -T.S. Eliot": 2, 'A word is dead when it is said, some say. I say it just begins to live that day. -Emily Dickinson': 2, 'There is no strength in unbelief. Even the unbelief of what is false is no source of might. It is the truth shining from behind that gives the strength to disbelieve. -George MacDonald': 1, 'The MPAA rates this PG-13. It is too vulgar for anyone under 13, and too dumb for anyone over 13. -Roger Ebert': 1, 'I always cheer up immensely if an attack is particularly wounding because I think, well, if they attack one personally, it means they have not a single political argument left. -Margaret Thatcher': 1, 'Grief can take care of itself, but to get the full value of joy you must have somebody to divide it with. -Mark Twain': 1, 'If you will not fight for the right when you can easily win without bloodshed; if you will not fight when your victory will be sure and not too costly; you may come to the moment when you will have to fight with all the odds against you and only a small chance of survival. There may even be a worse case: you may have to fight when there is no hope of victory, because it is better to perish than to live as slaves. -Winston Churchill': 1, 'I believe in Christianity as I believe that the sun has risen, not only because I see it, but because by it I see everything else. -C.S. Lewis': 2, 'It is most unwise for people in love to marry. -George Bernard Shaw': 1, "It does not require a majority to prevail, but rather an irate, tireless minority keen to set brush fires in people's minds. -Samuel Adams": 1, 'It is unbecoming for young men to utter maxims. -Aristotle': 1, 'There are no secrets to success. It is the result of preparation, hard work, and learning from failure. -Colin Powell': 1, 'I was angry with my friend I told my wrath, my wrath did end. I was angry with my foe: I told it not, my wrath did grow. -William Blake': 1, 'It is your work in life that is the ultimate seduction. -Pablo Picasso': 1, 'Worry is interest paid on trouble before it falls due. -W. R. Inge': 1, 'Such is the delicacy of man alone, that no object is produced to his liking. He finds that in everything there is need for improvement. The whole industry of human life is employed not in procuring the supply of our three humble necessities, food, clothes and lodging, but in procuring the conveniences of it according to the nicety and delicacy of our tastes. -Adam Smith': 1, 'It takes a lot of courage to show your dreams to someone else. -Erna Bombeck': 1, 'No nation keeps its word. A nation is a big, blind worm, following what? Fate perhaps. A nation has no honor, it has no word to keep. -Carl Jung': 1, "Being president is like being a jackass in a hailstorm. There's nothing to do but stand there and take it. -Lyndon B. Johnson": 1, 'God does not give heed to the ambitiousness of our prayers, because he is always ready to give to us his light, not a visible light but an intellectual and spiritual one; but we are not always ready to receive it when we turn aside and down to other things out of a desire for temporal things. -Saint Augustine': 1, 'Love means loving the unlovable - or it is no virtue at all. -GK Chesterton': 1, 'It is always thus, impelled by a state of mind which is destined not to last, that we make our irrevocable decisions. -Marcel Proust': 1, 'In framing a government which is to be administered by men over men the great difficulty lies in this: You must first enable the government to control the governed, and in the next place, oblige it to control itself. -Alexander Hamilton': 1, 'The commonest thing is delightful if only one hides it. -Oscar Wilde': 1, "It ain't what you don't know that gets you into trouble. It's what you know for sure that just ain't so. -Mark Twain": 1, 'It is error alone which needs the support of government. Truth can stand by itself. -Thomas Jefferson': 1, 'By a curious confusion, many modern critics have passed from the proposition that a masterpiece may be unpopular to the other proposition that unless it is unpopular it cannot be a masterpiece. -GK Chesterton': 2, 'Love anything and your heart will be wrung and possibly broken. If you want to make sure of keeping it intact you must give it to no one, not even an animal. Wrap it carefully round with hobbies and little luxuries; avoid all entanglements. Lock it up safe in the casket or coffin of your selfishness. But in that casket, safe, dark, motionless, airless, it will change. It will not be broken; it will become unbreakable, impenetrable, irredeemable. To love is to be vulnerable. -C.S. Lewis': 7, 'People can misinterpret almost anything so that it coincides with views they already hold. They take from art what they already believe. -Stanley Kubrick': 1, "Reality is that which, when you stop believing in it, doesn't go away. -Phillip K. Dick": 1, 'We are healed from suffering only by experiencing it to the full. -Marcel Proust': 1, 'If tyranny and oppression come to this land, it will be in the guise of fighting a foreign enemy. -James Madison': 1, 'If we do not help a man in trouble, it is as if we caused the trouble. -Nachman of Bratslav': 1, 'The world is full of suffering. It is also full of overcoming it. -Helen Keller': 2, "Don't go around saying the world owes you a living. The world owes you nothing. It was here first. -Mark Twain": 1, "I don't work according to nature, but infront and together with it. An artist must observe the nature, but never confuse it with the art. -Pablo Picasso": 2, 'And what\x92s romance? Usually, a nice little tale where you have everything As You Like It, where rain never wets your jacket and gnats never bite your nose and it\x92s always daisy-time. -D.H. Lawrence': 1, "Playwriting gets into your blood and you can't stop it. At least, not until the producers or the public tell you to. -T.S. Eliot": 1, 'It takes a long time to turn a big country around. -Bill Clinton': 1, 'All men are timid on entering any fight. Whether it is the first or the last fight, all of us are timid. Cowards are those who let their timidity get the better of their manhood. -George Patton': 1, 'The difference between sex and death is that with death you can do it alone and no one is going to make fun of you. -Woody Allen': 1, 'It is a grand mistake to think of being great without goodness and I pronounce it as certain that there was never a truly great man that was not at the same time truly virtuous. -Benjamin Franklin': 2, "When this girl at the museum asked me who I liked better, Monet or Manet, I said, 'I like mayonnaise.' She just stared at me, so I said it again, louder. Then she left. I guess she went to try to find some mayonnaise for me. -Jack Handey": 1, 'Let the river roll which way it will, cities will rise on its banks. -Ralph Waldo Emerson': 1, 'When nothing seems to help, I go and look at a stonecutter hammering away at his rock perhaps a hundred times without as much as a crack showing in it. Yet at the hundred and first blow it will split in two, and I know it was not that blow that did it, but all that had gone before. -Jacob August Riis': 4, 'Idealism is fine, but as it approaches reality, the costs become prohibitive. -William F. Buckley': 1, 'Those who bring sunshine to the lives of others, cannot keep it from themselves. -James Matthew Barrie': 1, 'I like television. I still believe that television is the most powerful form of communication on Earth -- I just hate what is being done with it. -Alton Brown': 1, 'We should take care not to make the intellect our god; it has, of course, powerful muscles, but no personality. -Albert Einstein': 1, 'Christmas can be celebrated in the school room with pine trees, tinsel and reindeers, but there must be no mention of the man whose birthday is being celebrated. One wonders how a teacher would answer if a student asked why it was called Christmas. -Ronald Reagan': 1, 'I wake each morning torn between the desire to improve the world and the desire to enjoy it. It makes it hard to plan the day. -E.B. White': 3, 'PRESIDENT, n. The leading figure in a small group of men of whom \x97 and of whom only \x97 it is positively known that immense numbers of their countrymen did not want any of them for President. -Ambrose Bierce': 1, "It ain't over till it's over. -Yogi Berra": 1, 'Experience is that marvelous thing that enables you to recognize a mistake when you make it again. -Franklin Jones': 1, "I don't care what is written about me, so long as it isn't true. -Dorothy Parker": 1, "To grasp the full significance of life is the actor's duty, to interpret it is his problem and to express it his dedication. -Marlon Brando": 2, "I think computer viruses should count as life. I think it says something about human nature that the only form of life we have created so far is purely destructive. We've created life in our own image. -Stephen Hawking": 1} 
defeated {"Thus far, the reputed idiot Bush has graduated from Yale and Harvard, made a stack of cash in the oil industry, become the first consecutive-term governor of Texas, defeated a dual-term VP for the presidency, and led his party to [November 5th's] extraordinary triumphs. Let his opponents keep calling him stupid; if they do, within five years Bush will be King of England, the Pope, and world Formula One motor racing champion. -Tim Blair": 1} 
experts {'Experts tell us that if the Millennium Bug is not fixed, when the year 2000 arrives, our financial records will be inaccurate, our telephone system will be unreliable, our government will be paralyzed and airline flights will be canceled without warning. In other words, things will be pretty much the same as they are now. -Dave Barry': 1} 
bill cosby {'Children today know more about sex than I or my father did. -Bill Cosby': 1, "Parents are not interested in justice, they're interested in peace and quiet. -Bill Cosby": 1, 'Let us now set forth one of the fundamental truths about marriage: the wife is in charge. -Bill Cosby': 1, 'Fatherhood is pretending the present you love most is soap on-a-rope. -Bill Cosby': 1, 'There is hope for the future because God has a sense of humor and we are funny to God. -Bill Cosby': 1, 'Nothing separates the generations more than music. By the time a child is eight or nine, he has developed a passion for his own music that is even stronger than his passions for procrastination and weird clothes. -Bill Cosby': 1} 
victims {"Of all tyrannies, a tyranny exercised for the good of its victims may be the most oppressive. It may be better to live under robber barons than under omnipotent moral busybodies. The robber baron's cruelty may sometimes sleep, his cupidity may at some point be satiated; but those who torment us for our own good will torment us without end, for they do so with the approval of their own conscience. -C.S. Lewis": 1} 
intrepid {'Why, you can take the most gallant sailor, the most intrepid airman or the most audacious soldier, put them at a table together - what do you get? The sum of their fears. -Winston Churchill': 1} 
disappear {'Four-fifths of all our troubles would disappear, if we would only sit down and keep still. -Calvin Coolidge': 1, 'It is the dissimilarities and inequalities among men which give rise to the notion of honor; as such differences become less, it grows feeble; and when they disappear, it will vanish too. -Alexis de Tocqueville': 1, 'There is a theory which states that if ever anyone discovers exactly what the Universe is for and why it is here, it will instantly disappear and be replaced by something even more bizarre and inexplicable. There is another theory which states that this has already happened. -Douglas Adams': 1} 
if {"I'm not normally a religious man, but if you're up there, save me, Superman! -Homer Simpson": 1, "A University of Chicago professor said the greatest day in the world was when a water puppy crawled out on land and decided to stay. The water puppy, he said, went on to become a man. If he proves that, I am willing to give up Christmas, Thanksgiving, and New Year's Day, and to celebrate Water Puppy Day. -William Jennings Bryan": 1, 'There is a theory which states that if ever anyone discovers exactly what the Universe is for and why it is here, it will instantly disappear and be replaced by something even more bizarre and inexplicable. There is another theory which states that this has already happened. -Douglas Adams': 1, 'The commonest thing is delightful if only one hides it. -Oscar Wilde': 1, 'No easy problem ever comes to the President of the United States. If they are easy to solve, somebody else has solved them. -John F. Kennedy': 1, "The statistics on sanity are that one out of every four Americans are suffering from some form of mental illness. Think of your three best friends. If they're okay, then it's you. -Rita Mae Brown": 1, 'Live as if you were to die tomorrow. Learn as if you were to live forever. -Mahatma Gandhi': 2, "Associate yourself with men of good quality if you esteem your own reputation; for 'tis better to be alone than in bad company. -George Washington": 1, "If you wanna be free, you've gotta accept everything. -Jason Mechalek": 1, "Don't knock the weather; nine-tenths of the people couldn't start a conversation if it didn't change once in a while. -Kin Hubbard": 1, 'If you start to think about your physical or moral condition, you usually find that you are sick. -Johann Wolfgang von Goethe': 1, 'If I feel physically as if the top of my head were taken off, I know that is poetry. -Emily Dickinson': 2, 'Experts tell us that if the Millennium Bug is not fixed, when the year 2000 arrives, our financial records will be inaccurate, our telephone system will be unreliable, our government will be paralyzed and airline flights will be canceled without warning. In other words, things will be pretty much the same as they are now. -Dave Barry': 1, "Instead of a trap door, what about a trap window? The guy looks out it, and if he leans too far, he falls out. Wait. I guess that's like a regular window. -Jack Handey": 1, 'If we will be quiet and ready enough, we shall find compensation in every disappointment. -Henry Thoreau': 1, "Never continue in a job you don't enjoy. If you're happy in what you're doing, you'll like yourself, you'll have inner peace. And if you have that, along with physical health, you will have had more success than you could possibly have imagined. -Johnny Carson": 2, 'One definition of an economist is somebody who sees something happen in practice and wonders if it will work in theory. -Ronald Reagan': 1, 'Love anything and your heart will be wrung and possibly broken. If you want to make sure of keeping it intact you must give it to no one, not even an animal. Wrap it carefully round with hobbies and little luxuries; avoid all entanglements. Lock it up safe in the casket or coffin of your selfishness. But in that casket, safe, dark, motionless, airless, it will change. It will not be broken; it will become unbreakable, impenetrable, irredeemable. To love is to be vulnerable. -C.S. Lewis': 1, "If a woman has to choose between catching a fly ball and saving an infant's life, she will choose to save the infant's life without even considering if there are men on base. -Dave Barry": 2, 'If a man is called to be a streetsweeper, he should sweep streets even as Michelangelo painted, or Beethoven composed music, or Shakespeare wrote poetry. He should sweep streets so well that all the host of heaven and earth will pause to say, here lived a great streetsweeper who did his job well. -Martin Luther King Jr.': 1, 'If the primary aim of a captain were to preserve his ship, he would keep it in port forever. -Thomas Aquinas': 1, "Being a leader is like being a lady, if you have to go around telling people you are one, you aren't. -Margaret Thatcher": 1, "To me, it's always a good idea to always carry two sacks of something when you walk around. That way, if anybody says, 'Hey, can you give me a hand?,' you can say, 'Sorry, got these sacks.' -Jack Handey": 1, 'If music be the food of love, play on. -William Shakespeare': 1, 'If tyranny and oppression come to this land, it will be in the guise of fighting a foreign enemy. -James Madison': 1, 'If society fits you comfortably enough, you call it freedom. -Robert Frost': 1, "Money never made a man happy yet, nor will it. There is nothing in its nature to produce happiness. The more a man has, the more he wants. Instead of its filling a vacuum, it makes one. If it satisfies one want, it doubles and trebles that want another way. That was a true proverb of the wise man, rely upon it; ''Better is little with the fear of the Lord, than great treasure, and trouble therewith. -Benjamin Franklin": 1, 'If we command our wealth, we shall be rich and free; if our wealth commands us, we are poor indeed. -Edmund Burke': 2, 'Four-fifths of all our troubles would disappear, if we would only sit down and keep still. -Calvin Coolidge': 1, 'If the United Nations once admits that international disputes can be settled by using force, then we will have destroyed the foundation of the organization and our best hope of establishing a world order. -Dwight Eisenhower': 1, 'If my children wake up on Christmas morning and have someone to thank for putting candy in their stocking, have I no one to thank for putting two feet in mine? -GK Chesterton': 1, 'If men will not act for themselves, what will they do when the benefit of their effort is for all? -Elbert Hubbard': 1, "We all want progress, but if you're on the wrong road, progress means doing an about-turn and walking back to the right road; in that case, the man who turns back soonest is the most progressive. -C.S. Lewis": 1, 'If God had wanted us to spend our time fretting about the problems of home ownership, He would never have invented beer. -Dave Barry': 1, "If your kid makes one of those little homemade guitars out of a cigar box and rubber bands, don't let him just play it once or twice and then throw it away. Make him practice on it, every day, for about three hours a day. Later, he'll thank you. -Jack Handey": 1, "God help the man who won't marry until he finds a perfect woman, and God help him still more if he finds her. -Benjamin Tillet": 1, 'If we have no peace, it is because we have forgotten that we belong to each other. -Mother Teresa': 1, 'He that would make his own liberty secure, must guard even his enemy from opposition; for if he violates this duty he establishes a precedent that will reach himself. -Thomas Paine': 1, "We seem to be going through a period of nostalgia, and everyone seems to think yesterday was better than today. I don't think it was, and I would advise you not to wait ten years before admitting today was great. If you're hung up on nostalgia, pretend today is yesterday and just go out and have one hell of a time. -Art Buchwald": 1, 'To defend Western Europe we have to let the Pentagon buy all these tanks and guns and things, and the Pentagon is unable to buy any object that that costs less than a condominium in Vail. If the Pentagon needs, say, fruit, it will argue that it must have fruit that can withstand the rigors of combat conditions, and it will wind up purchasing the FX-700 Seedless Tactical Grape, which will cost $160,000 per bunch, and will have an 83 percent failure rate. -Dave Barry': 1, 'If Al Gore invented the Internet, I invented spell check. -Dan Quayle': 1, "If everything seems under control, you're just not going fast enough. -Mario Andretti": 1, "I realise that I'm making gender-based generalizations here, but my feeling is that if God did not want us to make gender-based generalizations, She would not have given us genders. -Dave Barry": 1, 'If a man is proud of his wealth, he should not be praised until it is known how he employs it. -Socrates': 1, 'Christmas can be celebrated in the school room with pine trees, tinsel and reindeers, but there must be no mention of the man whose birthday is being celebrated. One wonders how a teacher would answer if a student asked why it was called Christmas. -Ronald Reagan': 1, "The function of RAM is to give us guys a way of deciding whose computer has the biggest, studliest, most tumescent MEMORY. This is important, because with today's complex software, the more memory a computer has, the faster it can produce error messages. So the bottom line is, if you're a guy, you cannot have enough RAM. -Dave Barry": 1, 'If you are resolutely determined to make a lawyer of yourself, the thing is more than half done already. -Abraham Lincoln': 1, "Thus far, the reputed idiot Bush has graduated from Yale and Harvard, made a stack of cash in the oil industry, become the first consecutive-term governor of Texas, defeated a dual-term VP for the presidency, and led his party to [November 5th's] extraordinary triumphs. Let his opponents keep calling him stupid; if they do, within five years Bush will be King of England, the Pope, and world Formula One motor racing champion. -Tim Blair": 1, "I think, at a child's birth, if a mother could ask a fairy godmother to endow it with the most useful gift, that gift should be curiosity. -Eleanor Roosevelt": 1, 'If variety is the spice of life, marriage is the big can of leftover Spam. -Johnny Carson': 1, "The nice thing about being a celebrity is that, if you bore people, they think it's their fault. -Henry Kissinger": 1, "The movie's director is the pilot. It's his vision. For an actor, the time to worry about flying is when you're on the ground. If you don't want to fly with the director, don't get on the plane. -Denzel Washington": 1, 'Failure is success if we learn from it. -Malcolm Forbes': 1, 'The ACLU is always yakking about the Constitution, and most of us are getting mighty tired of it. I mean, if the Constitution is so great, how come it was amended so many times? Huh? -Dave Barry': 1, "You got to be very careful if you don't know where you're going, because you might not get there. -Yogi Berra": 1, 'If eighty percent of your sales come from twenty percent of all of your items, just carry those twenty percent. -Henry Kissinger': 1, 'If we do not help a man in trouble, it is as if we caused the trouble. -Nachman of Bratslav': 2, "If Jack's in love, he's no judge of Jill's beauty. -Benjamin Franklin": 1, 'If you have an apple and I have an apple and we exchange these apples then you and I will still each have one apple. But if you have an idea and I have an idea and we exchange these ideas, then each of us will have two ideas. -George Bernard Shaw': 2, 'If you see ten troubles coming down the road, you can be sure that nine will run into the ditch before they reach you. -Calvin Coolidge': 1, 'I arrive at the end of this review having done my duty as a critic. I have described the movie accurately and you have a good idea what you are in for if you go to see it. Most of you will not. I cannot argue with you. Some of you will--the brave and the curious. You embody the spirit of the man who first wondered what it would taste like to eat an oyster. -Roger Ebert': 1, 'The aging process has you firmly in its grasp if you never get the urge to throw a snowball. -Doug Larson': 1, "Remember, if you smoke after sex you're doing it too fast. -Woody Allen": 1, "If you could kick the person in the pants responsible for most of your trouble, you wouldn't sit for a month. -Theodore Roosevelt": 1, 'Even if there is only one possible unified theory, it is just a set of rules and equations. What is it that breathes fire into the equations and makes a universe for them to describe? -Stephen Hawking': 1, 'It is hard to believe that a man is telling the truth when you know that you would lie if you were in his place. -Henry Mencken': 1, 'God loves each of us as if there were only one of us. -Saint Augustine': 1, "Many a man's reputation would not know his character if they met on the street. -Elbert Hubbard": 1, 'If you judge people, you have no time to love them. -Mother Teresa': 1, 'If people don\x92t come to the games, you can\x92t stop them. -Yogi Berra': 1, "If you're afraid to ask the question, it's probably because you already know the answer. -Miriam M. Wynn": 1, 'If all our misfortunes were laid in one common heap, whence everyone must take an equal portion, most people would be content to take their own and depart. -Socrates': 1, 'In politics, if you want anything said, ask a man; if you want anything done, ask a woman. -Margaret Thatcher': 2, "If you can't convince them, confuse them. -Harry Truman": 1, "It is a scientific fact that your body will not absorb cholesterol if you take it from another person's plate. -Dave Barry": 1, 'I always cheer up immensely if an attack is particularly wounding because I think, well, if they attack one personally, it means they have not a single political argument left. -Margaret Thatcher': 2, 'To have the reputation of possessing the most perfect social tact, talk to every woman as if you loved her, and to every man as if he bored you. -Oscar Wilde': 2, 'If you will not fight for the right when you can easily win without bloodshed; if you will not fight when your victory will be sure and not too costly; you may come to the moment when you will have to fight with all the odds against you and only a small chance of survival. There may even be a worse case: you may have to fight when there is no hope of victory, because it is better to perish than to live as slaves. -Winston Churchill': 2, "If you're in a boxing match, try not to let the other guy's glove touch your lips, because you don't know where that glove has been. -Jack Handey": 1, 'Question with boldness even the existence of a God; because, if there be one, he must more approve of the homage of reason, than that of blind-folded fear. -Thomas Jefferson': 1, 'If there is any principle of the Constitution that more imperatively calls for attachment than any other it is the principle of free thought, not free thought for those who agree with us but freedom for the thought that we hate. -Oliver Wendell Holmes': 1, 'When angry, count ten before you speak; if very angry, a hundred. -Thomas Jefferson': 1} 
grown {'Back in the old days, most families were close-knit. Grown children and their parents continued to live together, under the same roof, sometimes in the same small, crowded room, year in and year out, until they died, frequently by strangulation. -Dave Barry': 1} 
soldier {'I hate war as only a soldier who has lived it can, only as one who has seen its brutality, its futility, its stupidity. -Dwight Eisenhower': 1, 'Why, you can take the most gallant sailor, the most intrepid airman or the most audacious soldier, put them at a table together - what do you get? The sum of their fears. -Winston Churchill': 1} 
things {'On the plus side, death is one of the few things that can be done just as easily lying down. -Woody Allen': 1, 'The art of being happy lies in the power of extracting happiness from common things. -Henry Ward Beecher': 1, 'We live in an age when unnecessary things are our only necessities. -Oscar Wilde': 1, 'The least of things with a meaning is worth more in life than the greatest of things without it. -Carl Jung': 2, 'To defend Western Europe we have to let the Pentagon buy all these tanks and guns and things, and the Pentagon is unable to buy any object that that costs less than a condominium in Vail. If the Pentagon needs, say, fruit, it will argue that it must have fruit that can withstand the rigors of combat conditions, and it will wind up purchasing the FX-700 Seedless Tactical Grape, which will cost $160,000 per bunch, and will have an 83 percent failure rate. -Dave Barry': 1, 'Experts tell us that if the Millennium Bug is not fixed, when the year 2000 arrives, our financial records will be inaccurate, our telephone system will be unreliable, our government will be paralyzed and airline flights will be canceled without warning. In other words, things will be pretty much the same as they are now. -Dave Barry': 1, 'We ascribe beauty to that which is simple; which has no superfluous parts; which exactly answers its end; which stands related to all things; which is the mean of many extremes. -Ralph Waldo Emerson': 1, "I'm never going to be famous. My name will never be writ large on the roster of Those Who Do Things. I don't do any thing. Not one single thing. I used to bite my nails, but I don't even do that any more. -Dorothy Parker": 1, 'Freedom is the right to question and change the established way of doing things. It is the continuous revolution of the marketplace. It is the understanding that allows us to recognize shortcomings and seek solutions. -Ronald Reagan': 1, "When we got into office, the thing that surprised me the most was that things were as bad as we'd been saying they were. -John F. Kennedy": 1, 'The best and most beautiful things in the world cannot be seen or even touched. They must be felt with the heart. -Helen Keller': 1, 'It behooves every man to remember that the work of the critic is of altogether secondary importance, and that, in the end, progress is accomplished by the man who does things. -Theodore Roosevelt': 1, "You cannot go on 'explaining away' for ever: you will find that you have explained explanation itself away. You cannot go on 'seeing through' things for ever. The whole point of seeing through something is to see something through it. -C.S. Lewis": 1, 'God does not give heed to the ambitiousness of our prayers, because he is always ready to give to us his light, not a visible light but an intellectual and spiritual one; but we are not always ready to receive it when we turn aside and down to other things out of a desire for temporal things. -Saint Augustine': 2, "I have come to the conclusion that my subjective account of my motivation is largely mythical on almost all occasions. I don't know why I do things. -J.B.S. Haldane": 1, 'Observe constantly that all things take place by change, and accustom thyself to consider that the nature of the Universe love nothing so much as to change. The Universe is change. -Marcus Aurelius': 1, 'It is only by doing things others have not that one can advance. -George Patton': 1, 'The things that will destroy America are prosperity at any price, peace at any price, safety first instead of duty first, the love of soft living and the get rich quick theory of life. -Theodore Roosevelt': 1, 'I went out to the country so i could examine the simple things in life. -Henry Thoreau': 1, 'Must not all things at the last be swallowed up in death? -Plato': 1} 
make {'I love deadlines. I especially like the whooshing sound they make as they go flying by. -Douglas Adams': 1, 'Ten people who speak make more noise than ten thousand who are silent. -Napoleon Bonaparte': 1, 'Indeed, man wishes to be happy even when he so lives as to make happiness impossible. -Saint Augustine': 1, "Everybody can be great... because anybody can serve. You don't have to have a college degree to serve. You don't have to make your subject and verb agree to serve. You only need a heart full of grace. A soul generated by love. -Martin Luther King Jr.": 1, "If your kid makes one of those little homemade guitars out of a cigar box and rubber bands, don't let him just play it once or twice and then throw it away. Make him practice on it, every day, for about three hours a day. Later, he'll thank you. -Jack Handey": 1, 'No man will make a great leader who wants to do it all himself or get all the credit for doing it. -Andrew Carnegie': 1, 'We have to make America the best place in the world to do business. -Dick Cheney': 1, 'No one can make you feel inferior without your consent. -Eleanor Roosevelt': 1, "You don't take a photograph, you make it. -Ansel Adams": 1, 'Love anything and your heart will be wrung and possibly broken. If you want to make sure of keeping it intact you must give it to no one, not even an animal. Wrap it carefully round with hobbies and little luxuries; avoid all entanglements. Lock it up safe in the casket or coffin of your selfishness. But in that casket, safe, dark, motionless, airless, it will change. It will not be broken; it will become unbreakable, impenetrable, irredeemable. To love is to be vulnerable. -C.S. Lewis': 1, 'Men marry to make an end; women to make a beginning. -Alexis Dupuy': 2, "Duties are not performed for duty's sake, but because their neglect would make the man uncomfortable. A man performs but one duty - the duty of contenting his spirit, the duty of making himself agreeable to himself. -Mark Twain": 1, "Talent alone won't make you a success. Neither will being in the right place at the right time, unless you are ready. The most important question is: 'Are you ready?' -Johnny Carson": 1, 'In the long run, we shape our lives and we shape ourselves. The process never ends until we die, and the choices that we make are ultimately our responsibility. -Eleanor Roosevelt': 1, 'Life is no brief candle to me. It is a sort of splendid torch which I have got a hold of for the moment, and I want to make it burn as brightly as possible before handing it onto future generations. -George Bernard Shaw': 1, 'Karate is a form of marital arts in which people who have had years and years of training can, using only their hands and feet, make some of the worst movies in the history of the world. -Dave Barry': 1, "The practice of art isn't to make a living. It's to make your soul grow. -Kurt Vonnegut": 2, 'I made this letter longer than usual because I lack the time to make it short. -Blaise Pascal': 1, 'Corrupt politicians make the other ten percent look bad. -Henry Kissinger': 1, 'One swallow does not make a summer. -Aristotle': 1, 'We make a living by what we get, but we make a life by what we give. -Winston Churchill': 2, 'He that would make his own liberty secure, must guard even his enemy from opposition; for if he violates this duty he establishes a precedent that will reach himself. -Thomas Paine': 1, 'Nature is trying very hard to make us succeed, but nature does not depend on us. We are not the only experiment. -Buckminster Fuller': 1, 'The difference between sex and death is that with death you can do it alone and no one is going to make fun of you. -Woody Allen': 1, 'If you are resolutely determined to make a lawyer of yourself, the thing is more than half done already. -Abraham Lincoln': 1, 'This does not mean that the enemy is to be allowed to escape. The object is to make him believe that there is a road to safety, and thus prevent his fighting with the courage of despair. After that, you may crush him. -Sun Tzu': 1, 'Sacred cows make the best hamburger. -Mark Twain': 1, 'It is always thus, impelled by a state of mind which is destined not to last, that we make our irrevocable decisions. -Marcel Proust': 1, "I realise that I'm making gender-based generalizations here, but my feeling is that if God did not want us to make gender-based generalizations, She would not have given us genders. -Dave Barry": 1, 'Those who make peaceful revolution impossible will make violent revolution inevitable. -John F. Kennedy': 2, 'Experience is that marvelous thing that enables you to recognize a mistake when you make it again. -Franklin Jones': 1, "I don't make jokes. I just watch the government and report the facts. -Will Rogers": 1, 'The object of war is not to die for your country but to make the other bastard die for his. -George Patton': 1, 'Christ died for men precisely because men are not worth dying for; to make them worth it. -C.S. Lewis': 1, 'To you taxpayers out there, let me say this: Make sure you file your tax return on time! And remember that, even though income taxes can be a \x93pain in the neck,\x94 the folks at the IRS are regular people just like you, except that they can destroy your life. -Dave Barry': 1, 'We should take care not to make the intellect our god; it has, of course, powerful muscles, but no personality. -Albert Einstein': 1} 
wound {'Religion to me has always been the wound, not the bandage. -Dennis Potter': 1} 
beside {"Don't walk in front of me, I may not follow. Don't walk behind me, I may not lead. Just walk beside me and be my friend. -Albert Camus": 1} 
complex {"The function of RAM is to give us guys a way of deciding whose computer has the biggest, studliest, most tumescent MEMORY. This is important, because with today's complex software, the more memory a computer has, the faster it can produce error messages. So the bottom line is, if you're a guy, you cannot have enough RAM. -Dave Barry": 1, 'In the councils of government, we must guard against the acquisition of unwarranted influence, whether sought or unsought, by the military-industrial complex. -Dwight Eisenhower': 1, 'Everything is simpler than you think and at the same time more complex than you imagine. -Johann Wolfgang von Goethe': 1} 
split {'When nothing seems to help, I go and look at a stonecutter hammering away at his rock perhaps a hundred times without as much as a crack showing in it. Yet at the hundred and first blow it will split in two, and I know it was not that blow that did it, but all that had gone before. -Jacob August Riis': 1} 
bands {"If your kid makes one of those little homemade guitars out of a cigar box and rubber bands, don't let him just play it once or twice and then throw it away. Make him practice on it, every day, for about three hours a day. Later, he'll thank you. -Jack Handey": 1} 
george santayana {'Fanaticism consists of redoubling your efforts when you have forgotten your aim. -George Santayana': 1} 
several {'There are several good protections against temptation, but the surest is cowardice. -Mark Twain': 1} 
convictions {'Never give in--never, never, never, never, in nothing great or small, large or petty, never give in except to convictions of honour and good sense. Never yield to force; never yield to the apparently overwhelming might of the enemy. -Winston Churchill': 1} 
grows {'All children are artists. The problem is how to remain an artist once he grows up. -Pablo Picasso': 1, 'It is the dissimilarities and inequalities among men which give rise to the notion of honor; as such differences become less, it grows feeble; and when they disappear, it will vanish too. -Alexis de Tocqueville': 1, 'Since love grows within you, so beauty grows. For love is the beauty of the soul. -Saint Augustine': 2} 
entitled {'Are you entitled to the fruits of your labor or does government have some presumptive right to spend and spend and spend? -Ronald Reagan': 1, 'As Mankind becomes more liberal, they will be more apt to allow that all those who conduct themselves as worthy members of the community are equally entitled to the protections of civil government. I hope ever to see America among the foremost nations of justice and liberality. -George Washington': 1} 
wheel {'Man [has] always assumed that he was more intelligent than dolphins because he had achieved so much-the wheel, New York, wars and so on-while all the dolphins had ever done was muck about in the water having a good time. But conversely, the dolphins had always believed that they were far more intelligent than man-for precisely the same reason. -Douglas Adams': 1, 'Without question, the greatest invention in the history of mankind is beer. Oh, I grant you that the wheel was also a fine invention, but the wheel does not go nearly as well with pizza. -Dave Barry': 2} 
fairly {'In any fairly large and talkative community such as a university there is always the danger that those who think alike should gravitate together where they will henceforth encounter opposition only in the emasculated form of rumour that the outsiders say thus and thus. The absent are easily refuted, complacent dogmatism thrives, and differences of opinion are embittered by the group hostility. Each group hears not the best, but the worst, that the other group can say. -C.S. Lewis': 1} 
art buchwald {"We seem to be going through a period of nostalgia, and everyone seems to think yesterday was better than today. I don't think it was, and I would advise you not to wait ten years before admitting today was great. If you're hung up on nostalgia, pretend today is yesterday and just go out and have one hell of a time. -Art Buchwald": 1} 
sings {'Opera is when a guy gets stabbed in the back and, instead of bleeding, he sings. -Ed Gardner': 1} 
swell {'The mystic chords of memory, stretching from every battlefield and patriot grave to every living heart and hearthstone all over this broad land, will yet swell the chorus of the Union, when again touched, as surely they will be, by the better angels of our nature. -Abraham Lincoln': 1} 
george orwell {'Serious sport has nothing to do with fair play. It is bound up with hatred, jealousy, boastfulness, disregard of all rules and sadistic pleasure in witnessing violence. In other words: it is war minus the shooting. -George Orwell': 1, 'People sleep peaceably in their beds at night only because rough men stand ready to do violence on their behalf. -George Orwell': 1, 'He who controls the present, controls the past. He who controls the past, controls the future. -George Orwell': 1} 
bastard {'The object of war is not to die for your country but to make the other bastard die for his. -George Patton': 1} 
evil {'A Native American elder once described his own inner struggles in this manner: Inside of me there are two dogs. One of the dogs is mean and evil. The other dog is good. The mean dog fights the good dog all the time. When asked which dog wins, he reflected. -George Bernard Shaw': 1, 'Those who forget good and evil and seek only to know the facts are more likely to achieve good than those who view the world through the distorting medium of their own desires. -Bertrand Russell': 1, 'There are a thousand hacking at the branches of evil to one who is striking at the root. -Henry Thoreau': 1} 
hand {"I think a good gift for the president would be a chocolate revolver. And since he's so busy, you'd probably have to run up to him and hand it to him. -Jack Handey": 1, 'Just as your hand, held before the eye, can hide the tallest mountain, so this small earthly life keeps us from seeing the vast radiance that fills the core of the universe. -Nachman of Bratslav': 1, "To me, it's always a good idea to always carry two sacks of something when you walk around. That way, if anybody says, 'Hey, can you give me a hand?,' you can say, 'Sorry, got these sacks.' -Jack Handey": 1, 'She was what we used to call a suicide blond - dyed by her own hand. -Saul Bellow': 1, 'Love is a fruit in season at all times, and within reach of every hand. -Mother Teresa': 1} 
liberties {'Rome remained free for four hundred years and Sparta eight hundred, although their citizens were armed all that time; but many other states that have been disarmed have lost their liberties in less than forty years. -Nicolo Machiavelli': 1} 
renaissance {'You know what the fellow said: In Italy for thirty years under the Borgias they had warfare, terror, murder, and bloodshed, but they produced Michaelangelo, Leonardo Da Vinci, and the Renaissance. In Switzerland, they had brotherly love--they had five hundred years of democracy and peace, and what did they produce? The cuckoo clock. -Orson Welles': 1} 
characters {'Men show their characters in nothing more clearly than in what they think laughable. -Johann Wolfgang von Goethe': 1} 
jealous {'Guard with jealous attention the public liberty. Suspect everyone who approaches that jewel. -Patrick Henry': 1} 
opportunity {'The reason we hold truth in such respect is because we have so little opportunity to get familiar with it. -Mark Twain': 1} 
he'll {"I once said cynically of a politician, 'He'll doublecross that bridge when he comes to it.' -Oscar Levant": 1, "If your kid makes one of those little homemade guitars out of a cigar box and rubber bands, don't let him just play it once or twice and then throw it away. Make him practice on it, every day, for about three hours a day. Later, he'll thank you. -Jack Handey": 1} 
thoughts {'Certain thoughts are prayers. There are moments when, whatever be the attitude of the body, the soul is on its knees. -Victor Hugo': 1, 'What we are today comes from our thoughts of yesterday and our present thoughts build our life tomorrow. Our life is the creation of our mind. -Siddhartha Buddha': 2, "Don't join the book burners. Do not think you are going to conceal thoughts by concealing evidence that they ever existed. -Dwight Eisenhower": 1, 'To be a philosopher is not merely to have subtle thoughts; but so to love wisdom as to live according to its dictates. -Henry Thoreau': 1} 
kid {"If your kid makes one of those little homemade guitars out of a cigar box and rubber bands, don't let him just play it once or twice and then throw it away. Make him practice on it, every day, for about three hours a day. Later, he'll thank you. -Jack Handey": 1} 
someone's {"Dying is the most embarrassing thing that can ever happen to you, because someone's got to take care of all your details. -Andy Warhol": 1} 
thy {"Forgive, O Lord, my little jokes on Thee, and I'll forgive Thy great big joke on me. -Robert Frost": 1} 
george berkeley {'No sooner do we depart from sense and instinct to follow reason but we are insensibly drawn into uncouth paradoxes, difficulties, and inconsistencies, which multiply and grow upon us as we advance in speculation; till at length, having wandered through many intricate mazes, we find ourselves just where we were, or, which is worse, sit down in a forlorn scepticism. -George Berkeley': 1} 
humble {'Such is the delicacy of man alone, that no object is produced to his liking. He finds that in everything there is need for improvement. The whole industry of human life is employed not in procuring the supply of our three humble necessities, food, clothes and lodging, but in procuring the conveniences of it according to the nicety and delicacy of our tastes. -Adam Smith': 1} 
game {'The whole life of an American is passed like a game of chance, a revolutionary crisis, or a battle. -Alexis de Tocqueville': 1, 'PRESIDENCY, n. The greased pig in the field game of American politics. -Ambrose Bierce': 1} 
ocean {'Ocean: A body of water occupying 2/3 of a world made for man...who has no gills. -Ambrose Bierce': 1, "Nothing is wrong with Southern California that a rise in the ocean level wouldn't cure. -Kenneth Millar": 1} 
rome {'Rome remained free for four hundred years and Sparta eight hundred, although their citizens were armed all that time; but many other states that have been disarmed have lost their liberties in less than forty years. -Nicolo Machiavelli': 1} 
greatest {'The greatest lesson in life is to know that even fools are right sometimes. -Winston Churchill': 1, 'The greatest happiness of life is the conviction that we are loved, loved for ourselves, or rather, loved in spite of ourselves. -Victor Hugo': 1, 'The least of things with a meaning is worth more in life than the greatest of things without it. -Carl Jung': 1, "A University of Chicago professor said the greatest day in the world was when a water puppy crawled out on land and decided to stay. The water puppy, he said, went on to become a man. If he proves that, I am willing to give up Christmas, Thanksgiving, and New Year's Day, and to celebrate Water Puppy Day. -William Jennings Bryan": 1, "Humor is mankind's greatest blessing. -Mark Twain": 1, 'The greatest monarch on the proudest throne is obliged to sit upon his own arse. -Benjamin Franklin': 1, 'The greatest pleasure of life is love. -William Temple': 1, "All I want out of life, is that when I walk down the street folks will say, 'There goes the greatest hitter that ever lived.' -Ted Williams": 1, 'Without question, the greatest invention in the history of mankind is beer. Oh, I grant you that the wheel was also a fine invention, but the wheel does not go nearly as well with pizza. -Dave Barry': 1, 'The greatest thing in this world is not so much where we are, but in what direction we are moving. -Oliver Wendell Holmes': 1, 'The best of life is conversation, and the greatest success is confidence, or perfect understanding between two people. -Ralph Waldo Emerson': 1} 
qualities {'Reason and judgment are the qualities of a leader. -Tacitus': 1} 
mother {"I think, at a child's birth, if a mother could ask a fairy godmother to endow it with the most useful gift, that gift should be curiosity. -Eleanor Roosevelt": 1, 'Diligence is the mother of good luck. -Benjamin Franklin': 1} 
hearts {'Were it possible for us to wait for ourselves to come into the room, not many of us would find our hearts breaking into flower as we heard the door handle turn. -Rebecca West': 1} 
the {'I love deadlines. I especially like the whooshing sound they make as they go flying by. -Douglas Adams': 1, 'With the sleep of dreams comes nightmares. -William Shakespeare': 1, 'Chicago sounds rough to the maker of verse. One comfort we have: Cincinnati sounds worse. -Oliver Wendell Holmes': 1, "I didn't attend the funeral, but I sent a nice letter saying I approved of it. -Mark Twain": 1, 'Those who believe they are exclusively in the right are generally those who achieve something. -Aldous Huxley': 1, 'The supernatural is the natural not yet understood. -Elbert Hubbard': 2, 'Life is no brief candle to me. It is a sort of splendid torch which I have got a hold of for the moment, and I want to make it burn as brightly as possible before handing it onto future generations. -George Bernard Shaw': 1, 'Perhaps one of the most important accomplishments of my administration has been minding my own business. -Calvin Coolidge': 1, 'No passion so effectually robs the mind of all its powers of acting and reasoning as fear. -Edmund Burke': 1, "One of the great attractions of patriotism -- it fulfills our worst wishes. In the person of our nation we are able, vicariously, to bully and cheat. Bully and cheat, what's more, with a feeling that we are profoundly virtuous. -Aldous Huxley": 2, 'Through pride we are ever deceiving ourselves. But deep down below the surface of the average conscience a still, small voice says to us, something is out of tune. -Carl Jung': 2, 'I have been the artist with the longest career, and I am so proud and honoured to be chosen from heaven to be invincible. -Michael Jackson': 2, 'After silence, that which comes nearest to expressing the inexpressible is Music. -Aldous Huxley': 1, "What sunshine is to flowers, smiles are to humanity. These are but trifles, to be sure; but scattered along life's pathway, the good they do is inconceivable. -Joseph Addison": 1, 'The act of policing is, in order to punish less often, to punish more severely. -Napoleon Bonaparte': 1, 'The great nations have always acted like gangsters, and the small nations like prostitutes. -Stanley Kubrick': 2, "Of all tyrannies, a tyranny exercised for the good of its victims may be the most oppressive. It may be better to live under robber barons than under omnipotent moral busybodies. The robber baron's cruelty may sometimes sleep, his cupidity may at some point be satiated; but those who torment us for our own good will torment us without end, for they do so with the approval of their own conscience. -C.S. Lewis": 4, 'I will honor Christmas in my heart, and try to keep it all the year. -Charles Dickens': 1, 'You find out more about God from the Moral Law than from the univerise in general just as you find out more about a man by listening to his conversation than by looking at a house he has built. -C.S. Lewis': 2, 'The price of greatness is responsibility. -Winston Churchill': 1, 'The time which we have at our disposal every day is elastic; the passions we feel expand it, those that we inspire contract it, and habit fills up what remains. -Marcel Proust': 2, 'Freedom is never voluntarily given by the oppressor; it must be demanded by the oppressed. -Martin Luther King Jr.': 2, 'Man is the only animal that blushes - or needs to. -Mark Twain': 1, 'The greatness of our country has been based on our thinking that everyone has a right even to be wrong. -Ronald Reagan': 1, 'All children are artists. The problem is how to remain an artist once he grows up. -Pablo Picasso': 1, "It is a good idea to ''shop around'' before you settle on a doctor. Ask about the condition of his Mercedes. Ask about the competence of his mechanic. Don't be shy! After all, you're paying for it. -Dave Barry": 2, 'Every decent man is ashamed of the government he lives under. -Henry Mencken': 1, 'The writer\x92s job is not to judge, but to seek to understand. -Ernest Hemingway': 1, 'Everyone is in awe of the lion tamer in a cage with half a dozen lions -- everyone but a school bus driver. -Laurence Peter': 1, "As a woman, I find it very embarrassing to be in a meeting and realize I'm the only one in the room with balls. -Rita Mae Brown": 2, "Ever notice that 'what the hell' is always the right decision? -Marilyn Monroe": 2, 'The object of teaching a child is to enable him to get along without a teacher. -Elbert Hubbard': 1, 'Games lubricate the body and the mind. -Benjamin Franklin': 2, 'Democratic nations must try to find ways to starve the terrorist and the hijacker of the oxygen of publicity on which they depend. -Margaret Thatcher': 3, 'The greatest lesson in life is to know that even fools are right sometimes. -Winston Churchill': 1, 'The invisible and the non-existent look very much alike. -Delos McKown': 2, 'The eyes of the world are upon you. The hopes and prayers of liberty-loving people everywhere march with you. -Dwight Eisenhower': 3, "One thing they never tell you about child raising is that for the rest of your life, at the drop of a hat, you are expected to know your child's name and how old he or she is. -Erna Bombeck": 2, 'As I would not be a slave, so I would not be a master. This expresses my idea of democracy. Whatever differs from this, to the extent of the difference, is no democracy. -Abraham Lincoln': 2, 'A typical vice of American politics is the avoidance of saying anything real on real issues. -Theodore Roosevelt': 1, 'Reason is experimental intelligence, conceived after the pattern of science, and used in the creation of social arts; it has something to do. It liberates man from the bondage of the past, due to ignorance and accident hardened into custom. It projects a better future and assists man in its realization. -John Dewey': 4, "A man can't be too careful in the choice of his enemies. -Oscar Wilde": 1, 'Philosophy is to the real world as masturbation is to sex. -Karl Marx': 1, 'Nobody expects to trust his body overmuch after the age of fifty. -Alexander Hamilton': 1, 'Intoxicated with unbroken success, we have become too self-sufficient to feel the necessity of redeeming and preserving grace, too proud to pray to the God that made us. -Abraham Lincoln': 2, 'Karate is a form of marital arts in which people who have had years and years of training can, using only their hands and feet, make some of the worst movies in the history of the world. -Dave Barry': 3, 'One of the striking differences between a cat and a lie is that a cat has only nine lives. -Mark Twain': 1, "A man's very highest moment is, I have no doubt at all, when he kneels in the dust, and beats his breast, and tells all the sins of his life. -Oscar Wilde": 2, 'Serious sport has nothing to do with fair play. It is bound up with hatred, jealousy, boastfulness, disregard of all rules and sadistic pleasure in witnessing violence. In other words: it is war minus the shooting. -George Orwell': 1, "The right to swing my fist ends where the other man's nose begins. -Oliver Wendell Holmes": 2, "I'm a middle age white guy, which means I'm constantly reminded that my particular group is responsible for the oppression of every known minority PLUS most wars PLUS government corruption PLUS pollution of the environment, not to mention that it was middle-age white guys who killed Bambi's mom. -Dave Barry": 2, "I love Thanksgiving. It's the only time in Los Angeles that you see natural breasts. -Arnold Schwarzenegger": 1, "You give me a credit to which I have no claim in calling me 'the writer of the Constitution of the United States.' This was not, like the fabled Goddess of Wisdom, the offspring of a single brain. It ought to be regarded as the work of many heads and many hands. -James Madison": 6, 'The best and most beautiful things in the world cannot be seen or even touched. They must be felt with the heart. -Helen Keller': 3, "The function of RAM is to give us guys a way of deciding whose computer has the biggest, studliest, most tumescent MEMORY. This is important, because with today's complex software, the more memory a computer has, the faster it can produce error messages. So the bottom line is, if you're a guy, you cannot have enough RAM. -Dave Barry": 5, 'The difference between genius and stupidity is that genius has its limits. -Albert Einstein': 1, "Thus far, the reputed idiot Bush has graduated from Yale and Harvard, made a stack of cash in the oil industry, become the first consecutive-term governor of Texas, defeated a dual-term VP for the presidency, and led his party to [November 5th's] extraordinary triumphs. Let his opponents keep calling him stupid; if they do, within five years Bush will be King of England, the Pope, and world Formula One motor racing champion. -Tim Blair": 5, 'The ACLU is always yakking about the Constitution, and most of us are getting mighty tired of it. I mean, if the Constitution is so great, how come it was amended so many times? Huh? -Dave Barry': 3, 'Beauty is all very well at first sight; but whoever looks at it when it has been in the house three days? -George Bernard Shaw': 1, 'You know what the fellow said: In Italy for thirty years under the Borgias they had warfare, terror, murder, and bloodshed, but they produced Michaelangelo, Leonardo Da Vinci, and the Renaissance. In Switzerland, they had brotherly love--they had five hundred years of democracy and peace, and what did they produce? The cuckoo clock. -Orson Welles': 4, 'Let us not forget that the cultivation of the earth is the most important labor of man. When tillage begins, other arts will follow. The farmers, therefore, are the founders of civilization. -Daniel Webster': 5, 'We should take care not to make the intellect our god; it has, of course, powerful muscles, but no personality. -Albert Einstein': 1, 'If variety is the spice of life, marriage is the big can of leftover Spam. -Johnny Carson': 2, "The nice thing about being a celebrity is that, if you bore people, they think it's their fault. -Henry Kissinger": 1, 'There is a theory which states that if ever anyone discovers exactly what the Universe is for and why it is here, it will instantly disappear and be replaced by something even more bizarre and inexplicable. There is another theory which states that this has already happened. -Douglas Adams': 1, 'Advertising is the life of trade. -Calvin Coolidge': 1, "'Tis the business of little minds to shrink, but he whose heart is firm, and whose conscience approves his conduct, will pursue his principles unto death. -Thomas Paine": 1, "There are people who put their dreams in a little box and say, Yes, I've got dreams, of course I've got dreams. Then they put the box away and bring it out once in awhile to look in it, and yep, they're still there. -Erna Bombeck": 1, 'We have to make America the best place in the world to do business. -Dick Cheney': 2, 'If a man is called to be a streetsweeper, he should sweep streets even as Michelangelo painted, or Beethoven composed music, or Shakespeare wrote poetry. He should sweep streets so well that all the host of heaven and earth will pause to say, here lived a great streetsweeper who did his job well. -Martin Luther King Jr.': 1, "In every man's heart there is a secret nerve that answers to the vibrations of beauty. -Christopher Morley": 1, 'I may be drunk, Miss, but in the morning I will be sober and you will still be ugly. -Winston Churchill': 1, 'I am a strong believer in luck and I find the harder I work the more I have of it. -Benjamin Franklin': 2, 'Since love grows within you, so beauty grows. For love is the beauty of the soul. -Saint Augustine': 2, 'If men will not act for themselves, what will they do when the benefit of their effort is for all? -Elbert Hubbard': 1, "I have a hobby...I have the world's largest collection of sea shells. I keep it scattered on beaches all over the world. Maybe you've seen some of it... -Steven Wright": 2, 'There is no glory in battle worth the blood it costs. -Dwight Eisenhower': 1, "God help the man who won't marry until he finds a perfect woman, and God help him still more if he finds her. -Benjamin Tillet": 1, 'It behooves every man to remember that the work of the critic is of altogether secondary importance, and that, in the end, progress is accomplished by the man who does things. -Theodore Roosevelt': 4, "I'm never going to be famous. My name will never be writ large on the roster of Those Who Do Things. I don't do any thing. Not one single thing. I used to bite my nails, but I don't even do that any more. -Dorothy Parker": 1, "How did it get so late so soon? It's night before it's afternoon. December is here before it's June. My goodness how the time has flewn. How did it get so late so soon? -Theodor Seuss Geisel": 1, 'Sin has many tools, but a lie is the handle which fits them all. -Edmund Burke': 1, 'Love is the delightful interval between meeting a beautiful girl and discovering that she looks like a haddock. -John Barrymore': 1, "Mothers all want their sons to grow up to be president, but they don't want them to become politicians in the process. -John F. Kennedy": 1, 'What is the most important for democracy is not that great fortunes should not exist, but that great fortunes should not remain in the same hands. In that way there are rich men, but they do not form a class. -Alexis de Tocqueville': 2, "Don't ask God to change the laws of nature for you. -Nachman of Bratslav": 1, 'If you will not fight for the right when you can easily win without bloodshed; if you will not fight when your victory will be sure and not too costly; you may come to the moment when you will have to fight with all the odds against you and only a small chance of survival. There may even be a worse case: you may have to fight when there is no hope of victory, because it is better to perish than to live as slaves. -Winston Churchill': 3, 'New knowledge is the most valuable commodity on earth. The more truth we have to work with, the richer we become. -Kurt Vonnegut': 3, "You do not lead by hitting people over the head \x97 that's assault, not leadership. -Dwight Eisenhower": 1, 'The magic of first love is our ignorance that it can never end. -Benjamin Disraeli': 1, 'Government is not a solution to our problem, government is the problem. -Ronald Reagan': 1, "We must repsect the other fellow's religion, but only in the sense and to the extent that we respect his theory that his wife is beautiful and his children are smart. -Henry Mencken": 3, 'It is error alone which needs the support of government. Truth can stand by itself. -Thomas Jefferson': 1, 'If music be the food of love, play on. -William Shakespeare': 1, 'We are healed from suffering only by experiencing it to the full. -Marcel Proust': 1, 'If tyranny and oppression come to this land, it will be in the guise of fighting a foreign enemy. -James Madison': 1, 'The heart has its reasons, of which the mind knows nothing. -Blaise Pascal': 2, "No distance of place or lapse of time can lessen the friendship of those who are thoroughly persuaded of each other's worth. -Robert Southey": 1, "What I don't like about office Christmas parties is looking for a job the next day. -Phyllis Diller": 1, "I don't work according to nature, but infront and together with it. An artist must observe the nature, but never confuse it with the art. -Pablo Picasso": 2, "Playwriting gets into your blood and you can't stop it. At least, not until the producers or the public tell you to. -T.S. Eliot": 2, 'Nature is trying very hard to make us succeed, but nature does not depend on us. We are not the only experiment. -Buckminster Fuller': 1, 'The difference between sex and death is that with death you can do it alone and no one is going to make fun of you. -Woody Allen': 1, 'Religion to me has always been the wound, not the bandage. -Dennis Potter': 2, 'There is hardly a political question in the United States which does not sooner or later turn into a judicial one. -Alexis de Tocqueville': 1, 'For each illness that doctors cure with medicine, they provoke ten in healthy people by inoculating them with the virus that is a thousand times more powerful than any microbe: the idea that one is ill. -Marcel Proust': 2, 'In the Orthodox spiritual tradition, the ultimate moral question we ask is the following: Is what we are doing, is what I am doing, beautiful or not? -Carolyn Gifford': 3, 'For a time, at least, I was the most famous person in the entire world. -Jesse Owens': 2, 'Idealism is fine, but as it approaches reality, the costs become prohibitive. -William F. Buckley': 1, 'Are you entitled to the fruits of your labor or does government have some presumptive right to spend and spend and spend? -Ronald Reagan': 1, 'The biggest bore is the person who is bored by everyone and everything. -Frank Tyger': 2, 'Accept the challenges so that you can feel the exhilaration of victory. -George Patton': 2, 'Remember not only to say the right thing in the right place, but far more difficult still, to leave unsaid the wrong thing at the tempting moment. -Benjamin Franklin': 4, "Many a man's reputation would not know his character if they met on the street. -Elbert Hubbard": 1, 'You must be the change you wish to see in the world. -Mahatma Gandhi': 2, 'Were it possible for us to wait for ourselves to come into the room, not many of us would find our hearts breaking into flower as we heard the door handle turn. -Rebecca West': 2, 'As Mankind becomes more liberal, they will be more apt to allow that all those who conduct themselves as worthy members of the community are equally entitled to the protections of civil government. I hope ever to see America among the foremost nations of justice and liberality. -George Washington': 3, "Happiness is so hard to define and foolish to define. Am I acting? That's the worst thing you can ask yourself. You can be happy suddenly. It can spring on you, not when you reach a plateau. You can be happy going backward or going down. You can be happy at the loss of something. -Steve Martin": 2, 'The public is wonderfully tolerant. It forgives everything except genius. -Oscar Wilde': 1, 'The best way to win an argument is to begin by being right. -Jill Ruckleshaus': 1, 'All men are frauds. The only difference between them is that some admit it. I myself deny it. -Henry Mencken': 1, 'The most incomprehensible thing about the world is that it is at all comprehensible. -Albert Einstein': 2, 'When an American says that he loves his country, he means not only that he loves the New England hills, the prairies glistening in the sun, the wide and rising plains, the great mountains, and the sea. He means that he loves an inner air, an inner light in which freedom lives and in which a man can draw the breath of self-respect. -Adlai Stevenson': 7, 'Patience is the companion of wisdom. -Saint Augustine': 1, 'Certain thoughts are prayers. There are moments when, whatever be the attitude of the body, the soul is on its knees. -Victor Hugo': 3, 'Religion operates not only on the vertical plane but also on the horizontal. It seeks not only to integrate men with God but to integrate men with men and each man with himself. -Martin Luther King Jr.': 2, 'Just think of the tragedy of teaching children not to doubt. -Clarence Darrow': 1, 'The means of defense against foreign danger historically have become the instruments of tyranny at home. -James Madison': 2, 'No human relation gives one possession in another...every two souls are absolutely different. In friendship and in love, the two side by side raise hands together to find what one cannot reach alone. -Kahlil Gibran': 1, 'Death is psychologically as important as birth. Shrinking away from it is something unhealthy and abnormal which robs the second half of life of its purpose. -Carl Jung': 1, 'Whatever affects one directly, affects all indirectly. I can never be what I ought to be until you are what you ought to be. This is the interrelated structure of reality. -Martin Luther King Jr.': 1, 'When I took office, only high energy physicists had ever heard of what is called the Worldwide Web....now even my cat has its own page. -Bill Clinton': 1, 'Alexander, Caesar, Charlemagne, and myself founded empires; but what foundation did we rest the creations of our genius? Upon force. Jesus Christ founded an empire upon love; and at this hour millions of men would die for Him. -Napoleon Bonaparte': 1, "I think, at a child's birth, if a mother could ask a fairy godmother to endow it with the most useful gift, that gift should be curiosity. -Eleanor Roosevelt": 1, "The only kind of seafood I trust is the fish stick, a totally featureless fish that doesn't have eyeballs or fins. -Dave Barry": 2, 'America is not like a blanket: one piece of unbroken cloth, the same color, the same texture, the same size. America is more like a quilt: many patches, many pieces, many colors, many sizes, all woven and held together by a common thread. -Jesse Jackson': 3, 'The art of being happy lies in the power of extracting happiness from common things. -Henry Ward Beecher': 2, 'The whole life of an American is passed like a game of chance, a revolutionary crisis, or a battle. -Alexis de Tocqueville': 1, "By the time we've made it, we've had it. -Malcolm Forbes": 1, 'From the prodigious hilltops of New Hampshire, let freedom ring. From the mighty mountains of New York, let freedom ring. From the heightening Alleghenies of Pennsylvania, let freedom ring. But not only that: Let freedom ring from every hill and molehill of Mississippi. -Martin Luther King Jr.': 3, "I think it's the duty of the comedian to find out where the line is drawn and cross it deliberately. -George Carlin": 3, "A University of Chicago professor said the greatest day in the world was when a water puppy crawled out on land and decided to stay. The water puppy, he said, went on to become a man. If he proves that, I am willing to give up Christmas, Thanksgiving, and New Year's Day, and to celebrate Water Puppy Day. -William Jennings Bryan": 3, 'Originality is the fine art of remembering what you hear but forgetting where you heard it. -Laurence Peter': 1, 'The sleeping fox catches no poultry. -Benjamin Franklin': 1, 'The older I grow the more I distrust the familiar doctrine that age brings wisdom. -Henry Mencken': 3, 'Feminism was established to allow unattractive women easier access to the mainstream. -Rush Limbaugh': 1, 'Washington is a Hollywood for ugly people. Hollywood is a Washington for the simpleminded. -John McCain': 1, 'That the innocent, though they may have some connexion or dependency upon the guilty (which, perhaps, they themselves cannot help), should not, upon that account, suffer or be punished for the guilty, is one of the plainest and most obvious rules of justice. -Adam Smith': 4, 'I think the best possible social program is a job. -Ronald Reagan': 1, "Duties are not performed for duty's sake, but because their neglect would make the man uncomfortable. A man performs but one duty - the duty of contenting his spirit, the duty of making himself agreeable to himself. -Mark Twain": 3, 'It is very easy to tell the difference between man-made and God-made objects. The more you magnify man-made objects, the cruder they look, but the more you magnify God-made objects, the more precise and intricate they appear. -Luther Sutherland': 5, 'Deliberation and debate is the way you stir the soul of our democracy. -Jesse Jackson': 2, 'Fatherhood is pretending the present you love most is soap on-a-rope. -Bill Cosby': 1, 'There is a great deal of difference between an eager man who wants to read a book and the tired man who wants a book to read. -GK Chesterton': 1, 'Love is the wisdom of the fool and the folly of the wise. -Samuel Johnson': 4, 'If the United Nations once admits that international disputes can be settled by using force, then we will have destroyed the foundation of the organization and our best hope of establishing a world order. -Dwight Eisenhower': 3, 'There is one thing alone that stands the brunt of life throughout its course: a quiet conscience. -Euripides': 1, 'A Native American elder once described his own inner struggles in this manner: Inside of me there are two dogs. One of the dogs is mean and evil. The other dog is good. The mean dog fights the good dog all the time. When asked which dog wins, he reflected. -George Bernard Shaw': 5, 'Character is what you are in the dark. -John Whorfin': 1, 'It is said that gifts persuade even the gods. -Euripides': 1, 'PRESIDENT, n. The leading figure in a small group of men of whom \x97 and of whom only \x97 it is positively known that immense numbers of their countrymen did not want any of them for President. -Ambrose Bierce': 1, 'The giving of love is an education in itself. -Eleanor Roosevelt': 1, 'If you see ten troubles coming down the road, you can be sure that nine will run into the ditch before they reach you. -Calvin Coolidge': 2, 'Rings and jewels are not gifts but apologies for gifts. The only true gift is a portion of yourself. -Ralph Waldo Emerson': 1, 'Politics is perhaps the only profession for which no preparation is thought necessary. -Robert Louis Stevenson': 1, 'A government which robs Peter to pay Paul can always depend on the support of Paul. -George Bernard Shaw': 1, "Life is not a support system for art. It's the other way around. -Stephen King": 1, 'Truth sits upon the lips of dying men. -Matthew Arnold': 1, 'Patriotism is not short, frenzied outbursts of emotion, but the tranquil and steady dedication of a lifetime. -Adlai Stevenson': 1, 'Question with boldness even the existence of a God; because, if there be one, he must more approve of the homage of reason, than that of blind-folded fear. -Thomas Jefferson': 2, "The only reason for time is so that everything doesn't happen at once. -Albert Einstein": 1, 'He has all the virtues I dislike and none of the vices I admire. -Winston Churchill': 2, 'The first thing I do in the morning is brush my teeth and sharpen my tongue. -Dorothy Parker': 2, 'He wrapped himself in quotations--as a beggar would enfold himself in the purple of Emperors. -Rudyard Kipling': 1, 'A successful marriage requires falling in love many times, always with the same person. -Germaine Greer': 1, "I had a dream the other night. I dreamed that Jimmy Carter came to me and asked why I wanted his job. I told him I didn't want his job. I want to be President. -Ronald Reagan": 1, "Instead of a trap door, what about a trap window? The guy looks out it, and if he leans too far, he falls out. Wait. I guess that's like a regular window. -Jack Handey": 1, 'Experts tell us that if the Millennium Bug is not fixed, when the year 2000 arrives, our financial records will be inaccurate, our telephone system will be unreliable, our government will be paralyzed and airline flights will be canceled without warning. In other words, things will be pretty much the same as they are now. -Dave Barry': 3, 'I arrive at the end of this review having done my duty as a critic. I have described the movie accurately and you have a good idea what you are in for if you go to see it. Most of you will not. I cannot argue with you. Some of you will--the brave and the curious. You embody the spirit of the man who first wondered what it would taste like to eat an oyster. -Roger Ebert': 6, "Talent alone won't make you a success. Neither will being in the right place at the right time, unless you are ready. The most important question is: 'Are you ready?' -Johnny Carson": 3, 'Man [has] always assumed that he was more intelligent than dolphins because he had achieved so much-the wheel, New York, wars and so on-while all the dolphins had ever done was muck about in the water having a good time. But conversely, the dolphins had always believed that they were far more intelligent than man-for precisely the same reason. -Douglas Adams': 5, 'I believe the highest aspiration of man should be individual freedom and the development of the individual. -Ronald Reagan': 3, 'I thought it completely absurd to mention my name in the same breath as the Presidency. -Dwight Eisenhower': 2, 'There are no secrets to success. It is the result of preparation, hard work, and learning from failure. -Colin Powell': 1, 'Prediction is very difficult, especially about the future. -Niels Bohr': 1, "Speeches are for the younger men who are going places. And I'm not going anyplace except six feet under the floor of that little chapel adjoining the museum and library at Abilene. -Dwight Eisenhower": 3, "We all want progress, but if you're on the wrong road, progress means doing an about-turn and walking back to the right road; in that case, the man who turns back soonest is the most progressive. -C.S. Lewis": 4, 'The fool doth think he is wise, but the wise man knows himself to be a fool. -William Shakespeare': 2, 'Such is the delicacy of man alone, that no object is produced to his liking. He finds that in everything there is need for improvement. The whole industry of human life is employed not in procuring the supply of our three humble necessities, food, clothes and lodging, but in procuring the conveniences of it according to the nicety and delicacy of our tastes. -Adam Smith': 5, 'The mystic chords of memory, stretching from every battlefield and patriot grave to every living heart and hearthstone all over this broad land, will yet swell the chorus of the Union, when again touched, as surely they will be, by the better angels of our nature. -Abraham Lincoln': 4, "Don't join the book burners. Do not think you are going to conceal thoughts by concealing evidence that they ever existed. -Dwight Eisenhower": 1, "I think a good gift for the president would be a chocolate revolver. And since he's so busy, you'd probably have to run up to him and hand it to him. -Jack Handey": 1, 'To know what is impenetrable to us really exists, manifesting itself as the highest wisdom and the most radiant beauty...this knowledge, this feeling is at the center of true religiousness. -Albert Einstein': 3, 'The illegal we do immediately. The unconstitutional takes a little longer. -Henry Kissinger': 2, 'It is hard to believe that a man is telling the truth when you know that you would lie if you were in his place. -Henry Mencken': 1, 'The worst moment for the athieist is when he feels thankful and has no one to thank. -Dante Gabriel Rossetti': 2, "If you're afraid to ask the question, it's probably because you already know the answer. -Miriam M. Wynn": 2, 'Let us now set forth one of the fundamental truths about marriage: the wife is in charge. -Bill Cosby': 2, 'There is no joy in life like the joy of sharing. -Billy Graham': 1, 'I believe in Christianity as I believe that the sun has risen, not only because I see it, but because by it I see everything else. -C.S. Lewis': 1, 'Opera is when a guy gets stabbed in the back and, instead of bleeding, he sings. -Ed Gardner': 1, 'To be what we are, and to become what we are capable of becoming, is the only end of life. -Robert Louis Stevenson': 1, 'Just as your hand, held before the eye, can hide the tallest mountain, so this small earthly life keeps us from seeing the vast radiance that fills the core of the universe. -Nachman of Bratslav': 5, 'Success does not consist in never making mistakes but in never making the same one a second time. -George Bernard Shaw': 1, 'The Nation which indulges toward another an habitual hatred or an habitual fondness is in some degree a slave. It is a slave to its animosity or to its affection, either of which is sufficient to lead it astray from its duty and its interest. -George Washington': 1, "What is a wedding? Webster's dictionary defines a wedding as 'the process of removing weeds from one's garden.' -Homer Simpson": 1, 'God does not give heed to the ambitiousness of our prayers, because he is always ready to give to us his light, not a visible light but an intellectual and spiritual one; but we are not always ready to receive it when we turn aside and down to other things out of a desire for temporal things. -Saint Augustine': 1, 'I do not believe one can settle how much we ought to give. I am afraid the only safe rule is to give more than we can spare. -C.S. Lewis': 1, 'The things that will destroy America are prosperity at any price, peace at any price, safety first instead of duty first, the love of soft living and the get rich quick theory of life. -Theodore Roosevelt': 3, 'The recipe for perpetual ignorance is: be satisfied with your opinions and content with your knowledge. -Elbert Hubbard': 1, 'That men do not learn very much from the lessons of history is the most important of all the lessons of history. -Aldous Huxley': 3, 'Thus the metric system did not really catch on in the States, unless you count the increasing popularity of the nine-millimeter bullet. -Dave Barry': 4, 'Love anything and your heart will be wrung and possibly broken. If you want to make sure of keeping it intact you must give it to no one, not even an animal. Wrap it carefully round with hobbies and little luxuries; avoid all entanglements. Lock it up safe in the casket or coffin of your selfishness. But in that casket, safe, dark, motionless, airless, it will change. It will not be broken; it will become unbreakable, impenetrable, irredeemable. To love is to be vulnerable. -C.S. Lewis': 1, 'Satisfaction lies in the effort, not in the attainment. Full effort is full victory. -Mahatma Gandhi': 2, "When we're unemployed, we're called lazy; when the whites are unemployed it's called a depression. -Jesse Jackson": 1, 'I love writing. I love the swirl and swing of words as they tangle with human emotions. -James Michener': 1, 'There are three ingredients in the good life: learning, earning and yearning. -Christopher Morley': 1, 'The broad masses of a population are more amenable to the appeal of rhetoric than to any other force. -Adolf Hitler': 2, 'A radical is a man with both feet firmly planted in the air. -Franklin D. Roosevelt': 1, 'I feel impelled to speak today in a language that in a sense is new-one which I, who have spent so much of my life in the military profession, would have preferred never to use. That new language is the language of atomic warfare. -Dwight Eisenhower': 2, 'Errors of haste are seldom committed singly. The first time a man always does too much. And precisely on that account he commits a second error, and then he does too little. -Friedrich Nietzsche': 1, 'Take time to deliberate, but when the time for action has arrived, stop thinking and go in. -Napoleon Bonaparte': 1, 'Reason and judgment are the qualities of a leader. -Tacitus': 1, 'If you are resolutely determined to make a lawyer of yourself, the thing is more than half done already. -Abraham Lincoln': 1, 'This does not mean that the enemy is to be allowed to escape. The object is to make him believe that there is a road to safety, and thus prevent his fighting with the courage of despair. After that, you may crush him. -Sun Tzu': 3, 'When nothing seems to help, I go and look at a stonecutter hammering away at his rock perhaps a hundred times without as much as a crack showing in it. Yet at the hundred and first blow it will split in two, and I know it was not that blow that did it, but all that had gone before. -Jacob August Riis': 1, 'Those who bring sunshine to the lives of others, cannot keep it from themselves. -James Matthew Barrie': 1, 'I like television. I still believe that television is the most powerful form of communication on Earth -- I just hate what is being done with it. -Alton Brown': 1, 'He who is of calm and happy nature will hardly feel the pressure of age, but to him who is of an opposite disposition youth and age are equally a burden. -Plato': 1, 'On the plus side, death is one of the few things that can be done just as easily lying down. -Woody Allen': 2, 'Under the doctrine of the separation of powers, the manner in which the president personally exercises his assigned executive powers is not subject to questioning by another branch of government. -Richard Nixon': 4, 'The aging process has you firmly in its grasp if you never get the urge to throw a snowball. -Doug Larson': 2, 'The man who disobeys his parents will have disobedient sons. -Nachman of Bratslav': 1, "Blood is the ink of our life's story. -Jason Mechalek": 1, 'The president cannot escape from his office. -Dwight Eisenhower': 1, 'Those who forget good and evil and seek only to know the facts are more likely to achieve good than those who view the world through the distorting medium of their own desires. -Bertrand Russell': 3, "I think computer viruses should count as life. I think it says something about human nature that the only form of life we have created so far is purely destructive. We've created life in our own image. -Stephen Hawking": 1, 'America is the only country ever founded on a creed. -GK Chesterton': 1, 'Humility must always be the portion of any man who receives acclaim earned in blood of his followers and sacrifices of his friends. -Dwight Eisenhower': 1, 'We do survive every moment, after all, except the last one. -John Updike': 1, "The most exciting phrase to hear in science, the one that heralds new discoveries, is not 'Eureka!' (I found it!) but 'That's funny...' -Isaac Asimov": 2, "I've worked for four presidents and watched two others up close, and I know that there's no such thing as a routine day in the Oval Office. -Dick Cheney": 1, 'War - an act of violence whose object is to constrain the enemy, to accomplish our will. -George Washington': 1, 'Back in the old days, most families were close-knit. Grown children and their parents continued to live together, under the same roof, sometimes in the same small, crowded room, year in and year out, until they died, frequently by strangulation. -Dave Barry': 3, "When you stop giving and offering something to the rest of the world, it's time to turn out the lights. -George Burns": 3, 'My aim is to put down on paper what I see and what I feel in the best and simplest way. -Ernest Hemingway': 1, "The puritanism of Christianity has played havoc with the moderation that an enlightened and tolerant critical spirit would have produced. I've noticed that in whatever country, county, town, or other region there is a regulation enjoining temperance, the population seems to be entirely composed of teetotallers and drunkards. There's a Bible on that shelf there. But I keep it next to Voltaire - poison and antidote. -Bertrand Russell": 3, 'No man will make a great leader who wants to do it all himself or get all the credit for doing it. -Andrew Carnegie': 1, 'The man who does not read good books has no advantage over the man who cannot read them. -Mark Twain': 2, 'It is your work in life that is the ultimate seduction. -Pablo Picasso': 1, "Anybody can become angry - that is easy, but to be angry with the right person and to the right degree and at the right time and for the right purpose, and in the right way - that is not within everybody's power and is not easy. -Aristotle": 5, 'Beauty is ever to the lonely mind a shadow fleeting; she is never plain. She is a visitor who leaves behind the gift of grief, the souvenir of pain. -Christopher Morley': 3, 'Nothing in the world is more dangerous than sincere ignorance and conscientious stupidity. -Martin Luther King Jr.': 1, 'We have it in our power to begin the world over again. -Thomas Paine': 1, 'Some of your countrymen were unable to distinguish between their native dislike for war and the stainless patriotism of those who suffered its scars. But there has been a rethinking and now we can say to you, and say as a nation, thank you for your courage. -Ronald Reagan': 1, 'Corrupt politicians make the other ten percent look bad. -Henry Kissinger': 1, 'On account of being a democracy and run by the people, we are the only nation in the world that has to keep a government four years, no matter what it does. -Will Rogers': 3, 'The laws of gravity cannot be held responsible for people falling in love. -Albert Einstein': 1, "Just because I look sexy on the cover of Rolling Stone doesn't mean I'm naughty. -Britney Spears": 1, 'Humanity is acquiring all the right technology for all the wrong reasons. -Buckminster Fuller': 2, 'The first principle is that you must not fool yourself - and you are the easiest person to fool. -Richard P. Feynman': 2, "The movie's director is the pilot. It's his vision. For an actor, the time to worry about flying is when you're on the ground. If you don't want to fly with the director, don't get on the plane. -Denzel Washington": 6, 'My dream is of a place and a time where America will once again be seen as the last best hope of earth. -Abraham Lincoln': 1, 'Thinking is the hardest work there is, which is the probable reason why so few engage in it. -Henry Ford': 2, 'It is one of the blessings of old friends that you can afford to be stupid with them. -Ralph Waldo Emerson': 1, 'To you taxpayers out there, let me say this: Make sure you file your tax return on time! And remember that, even though income taxes can be a \x93pain in the neck,\x94 the folks at the IRS are regular people just like you, except that they can destroy your life. -Dave Barry': 3, 'You are young, my son, and, as the years go by, time will change and even reverse many of your present opinions. Refrain therefore awhile from setting yourself up as a judge of the highest matters. -Plato': 2, 'The greatest monarch on the proudest throne is obliged to sit upon his own arse. -Benjamin Franklin': 2, 'All enterprises that are entered into with indiscreet zeal may be pursued with great vigor at first, but are sure to collapse in the end. -Tacitus': 1, 'Punctuality is the thief of time. -Oscar Wilde': 1, 'Call on God, but row away from the rocks. -Hunter S. Thompson': 1, 'Diligence is the mother of good luck. -Benjamin Franklin': 1, 'The cost of freedom is always high, but Americans have always paid it. And one path we shall never choose, and that is the path of surrender, or submission. -John F. Kennedy': 2, 'Regarding the debate about faith and works: It\x92s like asking which blade in a pair of scissors is most important. -C.S. Lewis': 1, 'True wisdom comes to each of us when we realize how little we understand about life, ourselves, and the world around us. -Socrates': 1, 'Cowards die many times before their deaths. The valiant never taste of death but once. -William Shakespeare': 1, "Be thankful we're not getting all the government we're paying for. -Will Rogers": 1, 'Of course the people dont want war...that is understood. But voice or no voice, the people can always be brought to the bidding of the leaders. That is easy. All you have to do is tell them they are being attacked, and denounce the pacifists for lack of patriotism and exposing the country to danger. It works the same in any country. -Hermann Goering': 7, "Accept good advice gracefully--as long as it doesn't interfere with what you intended to do in the first place. -Gene Brown": 1, "When we got into office, the thing that surprised me the most was that things were as bad as we'd been saying they were. -John F. Kennedy": 2, 'History does not long entrust the care of freedom to the weak or the timid. -Dwight Eisenhower': 3, 'Poetry is the art of creating imaginary gardens with real toads. -Marianne Moore': 1, 'Surely what a man does when he is caught off his guard is the best evidence as to what sort of man he is. -C.S. Lewis': 1, 'There are several good protections against temptation, but the surest is cowardice. -Mark Twain': 1, 'The good thing about being bisexual is that it doubles your chance of a date on a Saturday night. -Woody Allen': 1, 'It is by the goodness of God that, in this country, we have three benefits: freedom of speech, freedom of thought, and the wisdom never to use either. -Mark Twain': 2, 'When the human race has once acquired a supersitition nothing short of death is ever likely to remove it. -Mark Twain': 1, 'Though force can protect in emergency, only justice, fairness, consideration and cooperation can finally lead men to the dawn of eternal peace. -Dwight Eisenhower': 1, 'Two roads diverged in a wood, and I...I took the one less traveled by, and that has made all the difference. -Robert Frost': 2, "To grasp the full significance of life is the actor's duty, to interpret it is his problem and to express it his dedication. -Marlon Brando": 2, 'The health of a democratic society may be measured by the quality of functions performed by private citizens. -Alexis de Tocqueville': 2, 'From kindergarten to graduation, I went to public schools, and I know that they are a key to being sure that every child has a chance to succeed and to rise in the world. -Dick Cheney': 1, 'The surest way of spoiling a pleasure is to start examining your satisfaction. -C.S. Lewis': 1, "To me, clowns aren't funny. In fact, they're kinda scary. I've wondered where this started, and I think it goes back to the time I went to the circus and a clown killed my dad. -Jack Handey": 2, 'Of all lies, art is the least untrue. -Gustave Flaubert': 1, 'She is not perfect. You are not perfect. The question is whether or not you are perfect for each other. -Robin Williams': 1, 'A few hours of mountain climbing turn a villain and a saint into two rather equal creature. Exhaustion is the shortest way to equality and fraternity, and liberty is added eventually by sleep. -Friedrich Nietzsche': 1, 'Good manners will open doors that the best education cannot. -Clarence Thomas': 1, "Don't knock the weather; nine-tenths of the people couldn't start a conversation if it didn't change once in a while. -Kin Hubbard": 2, 'If there is any principle of the Constitution that more imperatively calls for attachment than any other it is the principle of free thought, not free thought for those who agree with us but freedom for the thought that we hate. -Oliver Wendell Holmes': 3, 'I have often wondered how it is that every man loves himself more than all the rest of men, but yet sets less value on his own opinion of himself than on the opinion of others. -Marcus Aurelius': 2, 'How did it happen that their lips came together? How does it happen that birds sing, that snow melts, that the rose unfolds, that the dawn whitens behind the stark shapes of trees on the quivering summit of the hill? A kiss, and all was said. -Victor Hugo': 5, 'Everything is simpler than you think and at the same time more complex than you imagine. -Johann Wolfgang von Goethe': 1, 'As scarce as truth is, the supply has always been in excess of the demand. -Josh Billings': 2, 'Must not all things at the last be swallowed up in death? -Plato': 1, 'The last thing a political party gives up is its vocabulary. -Alexis de Tocqueville': 1, 'Humility is the foundation of all the other virtues hence, in the soul in which this virtue does not exist there cannot be any other virtue except in mere appearance. -Saint Augustine': 3, "If a woman has to choose between catching a fly ball and saving an infant's life, she will choose to save the infant's life without even considering if there are men on base. -Dave Barry": 1, "Unless the religious claims of the Bible are again acknowledged, its literary claims will, I think, be given only 'mouth honour' and that decreasingly. -C.S. Lewis": 2, "Money never made a man happy yet, nor will it. There is nothing in its nature to produce happiness. The more a man has, the more he wants. Instead of its filling a vacuum, it makes one. If it satisfies one want, it doubles and trebles that want another way. That was a true proverb of the wise man, rely upon it; ''Better is little with the fear of the Lord, than great treasure, and trouble therewith. -Benjamin Franklin": 5, 'Without question, the greatest invention in the history of mankind is beer. Oh, I grant you that the wheel was also a fine invention, but the wheel does not go nearly as well with pizza. -Dave Barry': 4, '\x93Take a chance! All life is a chance. The man who goes farthest is generally the one who is willing to do and dare. -Dale Carnegie': 2, 'Of all the animals, man is the only one that lies. -Mark Twain': 2, 'Egalitarians create the most dangerous inequality of all -- inequality of power. Allowing politicians to determine what all other human beings will be allowed to earn is one of the most reckless gambles imaginable. Like the income tax, it may start off being applied only to the rich but it will inevitably reach us all. -Thomas Sowell': 4, 'If God had wanted us to spend our time fretting about the problems of home ownership, He would never have invented beer. -Dave Barry': 1, 'The philosophy of one century is the common sense of the next. -Henry Ward Beecher': 3, "Nothing is wrong with Southern California that a rise in the ocean level wouldn't cure. -Kenneth Millar": 1, 'All men are timid on entering any fight. Whether it is the first or the last fight, all of us are timid. Cowards are those who let their timidity get the better of their manhood. -George Patton': 3, "We all wish to be judged by our peers, by the men 'after our own heart.' Only they really know our mind and only they judge it by standards we fully acknowledge. Theirs is the praise we really covet and the blame we really dread. The little pockets of early Chrstians survived because they cared exclusively for the love of 'the bretheren' and stopped their ears to the opinion of the Pagan society around them. But a circle of criminals, cranks, or perverts survives in just the same way; by becoming deaf to the opinion of the outer world, by discounting it as the chatter of outsiders who 'don't understand,' of the 'conventional,' the 'bourgeois,' the 'Establishment,' of prigs, prudes, and humbugs. -C.S. Lewis": 15, "The statistics on sanity are that one out of every four Americans are suffering from some form of mental illness. Think of your three best friends. If they're okay, then it's you. -Rita Mae Brown": 1, 'Too many poets delude themselves by thinking that the mind is dangerous and must be left out. Well, the mind is dangerous and must be left in. -Robert Frost': 2, ".I had to face the horrible truth: The antitobacco people are lying. Smoking really is cool. And I'm less cool for not doing it. -Tucker Carlson": 2, 'Education is the ability to listen to almost anything without losing your temper or your self-confidence. -Robert Frost': 1, 'Analyzing humor is like dissecting a frog. Few people are interested and the frog dies of it. -E.B. White': 1, 'Those who expect to reap the blessings of freedom must, like men, undergo the fatigue of supporting it. -Thomas Paine': 2, "I don't make jokes. I just watch the government and report the facts. -Will Rogers": 2, "When I see a play and understand it the first time, then I know it can't be much good. -T.S. Eliot": 1, 'We have the Bill of Rights. What we need is a Bill of Responsibilities. -Bill Maher': 1, 'The nation which forgets its defenders will be itself forgotten. -Calvin Coolidge': 1, 'Grief can take care of itself, but to get the full value of joy you must have somebody to divide it with. -Mark Twain': 1, 'Observe constantly that all things take place by change, and accustom thyself to consider that the nature of the Universe love nothing so much as to change. The Universe is change. -Marcus Aurelius': 3, 'Trust the people. This is the one irrefutable lesson of the entire postwar period contradicting the notion that rigid government controls are essential to economic development. -Ronald Reagan': 4, "No side will win the Battle of the Sexes. There's too much fraternizing with the enemy. -Henry Kissinger": 3, 'No easy problem ever comes to the President of the United States. If they are easy to solve, somebody else has solved them. -John F. Kennedy': 2, 'Success, the real success, does not depend upon the position you hold but upon how you carry yourself in that position. -Theodore Roosevelt': 2, 'In the councils of government, we must guard against the acquisition of unwarranted influence, whether sought or unsought, by the military-industrial complex. -Dwight Eisenhower': 3, 'In framing a government which is to be administered by men over men the great difficulty lies in this: You must first enable the government to control the governed, and in the next place, oblige it to control itself. -Alexander Hamilton': 4, 'Wisdom begins at the end. -Daniel Webster': 1, 'Marriage is the alliance of two people, one of whom never remembers birthdays and the other who never forgets. -Ogden Nash': 2, 'Why, you can take the most gallant sailor, the most intrepid airman or the most audacious soldier, put them at a table together - what do you get? The sum of their fears. -Winston Churchill': 4, 'The Democrats seem to be basically nicer people, but they have demonstrated time and again that they have the management skills of celery. -Dave Barry': 2, 'The United States stands at the pinnacle of world power. This is a solemn moment for the American democracy. For with primacy in power is joined an awe-inspiring accountability for the future. -Winston Churchill': 4, 'The commonest thing is delightful if only one hides it. -Oscar Wilde': 1, 'If we do not help a man in trouble, it is as if we caused the trouble. -Nachman of Bratslav': 1, 'The thought of being president frightens me. I do not think I want the job. -Ronald Reagan': 2, 'The world is full of suffering. It is also full of overcoming it. -Helen Keller': 1, 'In any fairly large and talkative community such as a university there is always the danger that those who think alike should gravitate together where they will henceforth encounter opposition only in the emasculated form of rumour that the outsiders say thus and thus. The absent are easily refuted, complacent dogmatism thrives, and differences of opinion are embittered by the group hostility. Each group hears not the best, but the worst, that the other group can say. -C.S. Lewis': 8, 'Laughter is the sun that drives winter from the human face. -Victor Hugo': 2, 'If Al Gore invented the Internet, I invented spell check. -Dan Quayle': 1, 'What the country needs is dirtier fingernails and cleaner minds. -Will Rogers': 1, 'It is a grand mistake to think of being great without goodness and I pronounce it as certain that there was never a truly great man that was not at the same time truly virtuous. -Benjamin Franklin': 1, 'Demoralize the enemy from within by surprise, terror, sabotage, assassination. This is the war of the future. -Adolf Hitler': 3, "Without computers, the government would be unable to function at the level of effectiveness and efficiency that we have come to expect.  This is because the primary function of the government is -- and here I am quoting directly from the U.S. Constitution -- 'to spew out paper.' -Dave Barry": 5, 'One can resist the invasion of an army but one cannot resist the invasion of ideas. -Victor Hugo': 2, "When this girl at the museum asked me who I liked better, Monet or Manet, I said, 'I like mayonnaise.' She just stared at me, so I said it again, louder. Then she left. I guess she went to try to find some mayonnaise for me. -Jack Handey": 1, 'Let the river roll which way it will, cities will rise on its banks. -Ralph Waldo Emerson': 1, 'I believe one of the reasons so many do not get a higher education is the fear of their parents that they will lose more morally than they will receive mentally. -William Jennings Bryan': 2, "You know, there's a million fine looking women in the world, dude. But they don't all bring you lasagna at work. Most of 'em just cheat on you. -Kevin Smith": 1, 'The Bible is not my book, and Christianity is not my religion. I could never give assent to the long, complicated statements of Christian dogma. -Abraham Lincoln': 2, 'Slang is the language which takes off its coat, spits on its hands - and goes to work. -Carl Sandburg': 1, 'To have the reputation of possessing the most perfect social tact, talk to every woman as if you loved her, and to every man as if he bored you. -Oscar Wilde': 2, "You know you're getting old when the candles cost more than the cake. -Bob Hope": 2, "Science is not about building a body of known 'facts'. It is a method for asking awkward questions and subjecting them to a reality-check, thus avoiding the human tendency to believe whatever makes us feel good. -Terry Pratchett": 1, 'Let the word go forth from this time and place, to friend and foe alike, that the torch has been passed to a new generation of Americans. -John F. Kennedy': 2, 'Art, like morality, consists in drawing the line somewhere. -GK Chesterton': 1, "Dying is the most embarrassing thing that can ever happen to you, because someone's got to take care of all your details. -Andy Warhol": 1, 'The truth is always a trick to those who live among lies. -Author Unknown': 1, 'The power of accurate observation is commonly called cynicism by those who have not got it. -George Bernard Shaw': 1, 'To be prepared for war is one of the most effectual means of preserving peace. -George Washington': 1, 'Self-denial is the shining sore on the leprous body of Christianity. -Oscar Wilde': 2, 'The fruit that can fall without shaking, indeed is too mellow for me. -Lady Mary Wortley Montagu': 1, 'The intellect is not a serious thing, and never has been. It is an instrument on which one plays, that is all. -Oscar Wilde': 1, 'To defend Western Europe we have to let the Pentagon buy all these tanks and guns and things, and the Pentagon is unable to buy any object that that costs less than a condominium in Vail. If the Pentagon needs, say, fruit, it will argue that it must have fruit that can withstand the rigors of combat conditions, and it will wind up purchasing the FX-700 Seedless Tactical Grape, which will cost $160,000 per bunch, and will have an 83 percent failure rate. -Dave Barry': 5, 'Every man must decide whether he will walk in the light of creative altruism or in the darkness of destructive selfishness. -Martin Luther King Jr.': 2, 'If I feel physically as if the top of my head were taken off, I know that is poetry. -Emily Dickinson': 1, 'When you have the facts on your side, argue the facts. When you have the law on your side, argue the law. When you have neither, holler. -Al Gore': 4, 'The greatest pleasure of life is love. -William Temple': 1, 'In the beginning, the universe was created. This made a lot of people very angry, and has been widely regarded as a bad idea. -Douglas Adams': 2, 'Avoid the base hypocrisy of condemning in one man what you pass over in silence when committed by another. -Theodore Roosevelt': 1, 'For me, survival is the ability to cope with difficulties, with circumstances, and to overcome them. -Nelson Mandela': 1, 'That is the true season of love, when we believe that we alone can love, that no one could ever have loved so before us, and that no one will love in the same way after us. -Johann Wolfgang von Goethe': 2, "It is necessary for the welfare of society that genius should be privileged to utter sedition, to blaspheme, to outrage good taste, to corrupt the youthful mind, and generally to scandalize one's uncles. -George Bernard Shaw": 2, 'To assert that the earth revolves around the sun is as erroneous as to claim that Jesus was not born of a virgin. -Cardinal Bellarmine': 2, 'Christmas can be celebrated in the school room with pine trees, tinsel and reindeers, but there must be no mention of the man whose birthday is being celebrated. One wonders how a teacher would answer if a student asked why it was called Christmas. -Ronald Reagan': 2, 'I have gathered a posie of other men\x92s flowers, and nothing but the thread that binds them is mine own. -John Bartlett': 1, 'Never give in--never, never, never, never, in nothing great or small, large or petty, never give in except to convictions of honour and good sense. Never yield to force; never yield to the apparently overwhelming might of the enemy. -Winston Churchill': 2, 'The covers of this book are too far apart. -Ambrose Bierce': 1, 'The last thing one discovers in composing a work is what to put first. -Blaise Pascal': 1, "The only way to keep your health is to eat what you don't want, drink what you don't like, and do what you'd rather not. -Mark Twain": 1, 'Those whom the gods love grow young. -Oscar Wilde': 1, 'Rhis is to be asserted in general of men: that they are ungrateful, fickle, false, cowardly, covetous, and as long as you succeed, are yours entirely; they will offer you their blood, property, life, and children...when the need is far distant; but when it approaches, they will turn against you. -Nicolo Machiavelli': 1, 'Love is the master key which opens the gates of happiness. -Oliver Wendell Holmes': 2, 'Even if there is only one possible unified theory, it is just a set of rules and equations. What is it that breathes fire into the equations and makes a universe for them to describe? -Stephen Hawking': 1, 'The direction in which education starts a man will determine his future life. -Plato': 1, 'The object of war is not to die for your country but to make the other bastard die for his. -George Patton': 2, "If you could kick the person in the pants responsible for most of your trouble, you wouldn't sit for a month. -Theodore Roosevelt": 2, 'There is hope for the future because God has a sense of humor and we are funny to God. -Bill Cosby': 1, 'It is the dissimilarities and inequalities among men which give rise to the notion of honor; as such differences become less, it grows feeble; and when they disappear, it will vanish too. -Alexis de Tocqueville': 2, 'The least of things with a meaning is worth more in life than the greatest of things without it. -Carl Jung': 2, 'Women are the only realists; their whole object in life is to pit their realism against the extravagant, excessive, and occasionally drunken idealism of men. -GK Chesterton': 2, "There's no present. There's only the immediate future and the recent past. -George Carlin": 2, 'Never confuse the size of your paycheck with the size of your talent. -Marlon Brando': 2, 'Nothing so dates a man as to decry the younger generation. -Adlai Stevenson': 1, 'Of all bad men religious bad men are the worst. -C.S. Lewis': 1, 'Guard with jealous attention the public liberty. Suspect everyone who approaches that jewel. -Patrick Henry': 1, 'Every gun that is made, every warship launched, every rocket fired, signifies in the final sense a theft from those who hunger and are not fed, those who are cold and are not clothed. -Dwight Eisenhower': 1, 'Love is the triumph of imagination over intelligence. -Henry Mencken': 1, 'Words which do not give the light of Christ increase the darkness. -Mother Teresa': 2, 'Simplicity is the ultimate sophistication. -Leonardo da Vinci': 1, 'Happiness is the full use of your powers along lines of excellence. -John F. Kennedy': 1, 'In politics shared hatreds are almost always the basis of friendships. -Alexis de Tocqueville': 1, 'I mistrust the judgment of every man in a case in which his own wishes are concerned. -Daniel Webster': 1, 'If people don\x92t come to the games, you can\x92t stop them. -Yogi Berra': 1, 'The customs and fashions of men change like leaves on the bough, some of which go and others come. -Dante Alighieri': 2, 'What we are today comes from our thoughts of yesterday and our present thoughts build our life tomorrow. Our life is the creation of our mind. -Siddhartha Buddha': 1, "You cannot go on 'explaining away' for ever: you will find that you have explained explanation itself away. You cannot go on 'seeing through' things for ever. The whole point of seeing through something is to see something through it. -C.S. Lewis": 1, 'He who controls the present, controls the past. He who controls the past, controls the future. -George Orwell': 4, "I have come to the conclusion that my subjective account of my motivation is largely mythical on almost all occasions. I don't know why I do things. -J.B.S. Haldane": 1, 'I went out to the country so i could examine the simple things in life. -Henry Thoreau': 2, 'There is nothing funny about Halloween. This sarcastic festival reflects, rather, an infernal demand for revenge by children on the adult world. -Jean Baudrillard': 1, 'I think and think for months and years, ninety-nine times, the conclusion is false. The hundredth time I am right. -Albert Einstein': 2, 'The thing we all have to understand to put these last two years in focus, is that liberals in this country care more about whether European leaders like us than they do about whether terrorists are killing us. -Rush Limbaugh': 1, 'Imitation is the sincerest of flattery. -Charles Caleb Colton': 1, "All I want out of life, is that when I walk down the street folks will say, 'There goes the greatest hitter that ever lived.' -Ted Williams": 2, 'There is only one force of history that can break the reign of hatred and resentment, and expose the pretensions of tyrants, and reward the hopes of the decent and tolerant, and that is the force of human freedom. -George W. Bush': 5, "Don't worry about the world coming to an end today. It's already tomorrow in Australia. -Charles Schulz": 1, 'Experience proves this, or that, or nothing, according to the preconceptions we bring to it. -C.S. Lewis': 1, 'We ascribe beauty to that which is simple; which has no superfluous parts; which exactly answers its end; which stands related to all things; which is the mean of many extremes. -Ralph Waldo Emerson': 1, 'A great deal of intelligence can be invested in ignorance when the need for illusion is deep. -Saul Bellow': 1, 'If the primary aim of a captain were to preserve his ship, he would keep it in port forever. -Thomas Aquinas': 1, 'The mind of the thoroughly well-informed man is a dreadful thing. It is like a bric-\xe0-brac shop, all monsters and dust, with everything priced above its proper value. -Oscar Wilde': 2, 'The hour of departure has arrived, and we go our ways - I to die, and you to live. Which is better God only knows. -Plato': 1, 'Man was made for action, and to promote by the exertion of his faculties such changes in the external circumstances both of himself and others, as may seem most favourable to the happiness of all. -Adam Smith': 3, 'Freedom is the right to question and change the established way of doing things. It is the continuous revolution of the marketplace. It is the understanding that allows us to recognize shortcomings and seek solutions. -Ronald Reagan': 5, 'In any moment of decision, the best thing you can do is the right thing. The worst thing you can do is nothing. -Theodore Roosevelt': 3, "I've got more trophies than Wayne Gretzky & The Pope combined! -Homer Simpson": 1, 'Nothing separates the generations more than music. By the time a child is eight or nine, he has developed a passion for his own music that is even stronger than his passions for procrastination and weird clothes. -Bill Cosby': 2, 'In the long run, we shape our lives and we shape ourselves. The process never ends until we die, and the choices that we make are ultimately our responsibility. -Eleanor Roosevelt': 3, 'The leading cause of death among fashion models is falling through street grates. -Dave Barry': 1, 'Let us have faith that right makes might, and in that faith, let us, to the end, dare to do our duty as we understand it. -Abraham Lincoln': 1, "The practice of art isn't to make a living. It's to make your soul grow. -Kurt Vonnegut": 1, 'There are painters who transform the sun to a yellow spot, but there are others who with the help of their art and their intelligence, transform a yellow spot into the sun. -Pablo Picasso': 3, 'Every difference of opinion is not a difference of principle. We have called by different names brethren of the same principle. -Thomas Jefferson': 1, 'It must be remembered that there is nothing more difficult to plan, more doubtful of success nor more dangerous to manage than the creation of a new system. For the initiator has the enmity of all who profit by the preservation of the old institution and merely lukewarm defenders in those who would gain by the new one. -Nicolo Machiavelli': 6, "When they call the roll in the Senate, the Senators do not know whether to answer 'Present' or 'Not guilty.' -Theodore Roosevelt": 3, 'He therefore is the truest friend to the liberty of this country who tries most to promote its virtue, and who, so far as his power and influence extend, will not suffer a man to be chosen into any office of power and trust who is not a wise and virtuous man. -Samuel Adams': 2, 'The reason we hold truth in such respect is because we have so little opportunity to get familiar with it. -Mark Twain': 1, 'The worst thing that could happen to anybody, would be to not be used for anything by anybody. -Kurt Vonnegut': 1, 'The only paradise is paradise lost. -Marcel Proust': 1, 'The significant problems we face cannot be solved at the same level of thinking we were at when we created them. -Albert Einstein': 2, 'Television is a medium of entertainment which permits millions of people to listen to the same joke at the same time, and yet remain lonesome. -T.S. Eliot': 2, 'The surface of American society is covered with a layer of democratic paint, but from time to time one can see the old aristocratic colours breaking through. -Alexis de Tocqueville': 2, 'Sacred cows make the best hamburger. -Mark Twain': 1, 'The greatest thing in this world is not so much where we are, but in what direction we are moving. -Oliver Wendell Holmes': 1, 'There are very few monsters who warrant the fear we have of them. -Andr\xe9 Gide': 1, 'Cooking was invented in prehistoric times, when a primitive tribe had a lucky accident. The tribe had killed an animal and was going to eat it raw, when a tribe member named Woog tripped and dropped it into the fire. At first the other tribe members were angry at Woog, but then, as the aroma of burning meat filled the air, they had an idea. So they ate Woog raw. -Dave Barry': 5, 'There is no strength in unbelief. Even the unbelief of what is false is no source of might. It is the truth shining from behind that gives the strength to disbelieve. -George MacDonald': 3, 'The mintage of wisdom is to know that rest is rust, and that real life is in love, laughter, and work. -Elbert Hubbard': 1, 'The MPAA rates this PG-13. It is too vulgar for anyone under 13, and too dumb for anyone over 13. -Roger Ebert': 1, 'The best of life is conversation, and the greatest success is confidence, or perfect understanding between two people. -Ralph Waldo Emerson': 2, 'Nobody can have the consolations of religion or philosophy unless he has first experienced their desolations. -Aldous Huxley': 1, 'In Heaven all the interesting people are missing. -Friedrich Nietzsche': 1, 'The best defense against usurpatory government is an assertive citizenry. -William F. Buckley': 1, 'In life, as in art, the beautiful moves in curves. -Edward Bulwer-Lytton': 1, 'Every year, back comes Spring, with nasty little birds yapping their fool heads off and the ground all mucked up with plants. -Dorothy Parker': 1, 'Love means loving the unlovable - or it is no virtue at all. -GK Chesterton': 1, 'Money can help you to get medicines but not health. Money can help you to get soft pillows, but not sound sleep. Money can help you to get material comforts, but not eternal bliss. Money can help you to get ornaments, but not beauty. Money will help you to get an electric earphone, but not natural hearing. Attain the supreme wealth, wisdom, and you will have everything. -Benjamin Franklin': 1, 'To explain the unknown by the known is a logical procedure; to explain the known by the unknown is a form of theological lunacy. -David Brooks': 4, "I'm the type who'd be happy not going anywhere as long as I was sure I knew exactly what was happening at the places I wasn't going to. I'm the type who'd like to sit home and watch every party that I'm invited to on a monitor in my bedroom. -Andy Warhol": 3, 'By a curious confusion, many modern critics have passed from the proposition that a masterpiece may be unpopular to the other proposition that unless it is unpopular it cannot be a masterpiece. -GK Chesterton': 2, 'There are a thousand hacking at the branches of evil to one who is striking at the root. -Henry Thoreau': 2, 'Once you have flown, you will walk the earth with your eyes turned skywards, for there you have been, and there you long to return. -Leonardo da Vinci': 1, 'Heroism is not only in the man, but in the occasion. -Calvin Coolidge': 2, 'I made this letter longer than usual because I lack the time to make it short. -Blaise Pascal': 1, "Don't go around saying the world owes you a living. The world owes you nothing. It was here first. -Mark Twain": 2, "The days of looking the other way while despotic regimes trample human rights, rob their nations' wealth, and then excuse their failings by feeding their people a steady diet of anti-Western hatred are over. -Dick Cheney": 2, 'There is no question that there is an unseen world. The problem is, how far is it from midtown and how late is it open? -Woody Allen': 1, 'PRESIDENCY, n. The greased pig in the field game of American politics. -Ambrose Bierce': 2, 'It is the madness of folly, to expect mercy from those who have refused to do justice; and even mercy, where conquest is the object, is only a trick of war; the cunning of the fox is as murderous as the violence of the wolf. -Thomas Paine': 6, 'Happy, happy Christmas, that can win us back to the delusions of our childhood days, recall to the old man the pleasures of his youth, and transport the traveler back to his own fireside and quiet home! -Charles Dickens': 4, 'I wake each morning torn between the desire to improve the world and the desire to enjoy it. It makes it hard to plan the day. -E.B. White': 4, 'The greatest happiness of life is the conviction that we are loved, loved for ourselves, or rather, loved in spite of ourselves. -Victor Hugo': 2, "This is the second most exciting indoor sport, and the other one shouldn't have spectators. -Dick Vertleib": 2, 'A good novel tells us the truth about its hero; but a bad novel tells us the truth about its author. -GK Chesterton': 2, 'Enthusiasm is the great hill-climber. -Elbert Hubbard': 1, 'What is happiness? The feeling that power is growing, that resistance is overcome. -Friedrich Nietzsche': 1, "Ah, yes, divorce...from the Latin word meaning to rip out a man's genitals through his wallet. -Robin Williams": 1, "If you're in a boxing match, try not to let the other guy's glove touch your lips, because you don't know where that glove has been. -Jack Handey": 1} 
nachman of bratslav {'The man who disobeys his parents will have disobedient sons. -Nachman of Bratslav': 1, 'Knowledge that is paid for will be longer remembered. -Nachman of Bratslav': 1, 'Just as your hand, held before the eye, can hide the tallest mountain, so this small earthly life keeps us from seeing the vast radiance that fills the core of the universe. -Nachman of Bratslav': 1, "Every author should weigh his work and ask, 'Will humanity gain any benefit from it?' -Nachman of Bratslav": 1, 'Before reciting his prayers, a man should give to charity. -Nachman of Bratslav': 1, "Don't ask God to change the laws of nature for you. -Nachman of Bratslav": 1, 'If we do not help a man in trouble, it is as if we caused the trouble. -Nachman of Bratslav': 1} 
yours {'Rhis is to be asserted in general of men: that they are ungrateful, fickle, false, cowardly, covetous, and as long as you succeed, are yours entirely; they will offer you their blood, property, life, and children...when the need is far distant; but when it approaches, they will turn against you. -Nicolo Machiavelli': 1, 'Nothing that you have not given away will ever be really yours. -C.S. Lewis': 1} 
left {'I almost had a pyschic girlfriend, but she left me before we met. -Steven Wright': 1, 'Show me your hands. Do they have scars from giving? Show me your feet. Are they wounded in service? Show me your heart. Have you left a place for divine love? -Fulton J. Sheen': 1, "When this girl at the museum asked me who I liked better, Monet or Manet, I said, 'I like mayonnaise.' She just stared at me, so I said it again, louder. Then she left. I guess she went to try to find some mayonnaise for me. -Jack Handey": 1, 'I always cheer up immensely if an attack is particularly wounding because I think, well, if they attack one personally, it means they have not a single political argument left. -Margaret Thatcher': 1, 'Too many poets delude themselves by thinking that the mind is dangerous and must be left out. Well, the mind is dangerous and must be left in. -Robert Frost': 2} 
opinions {'The recipe for perpetual ignorance is: be satisfied with your opinions and content with your knowledge. -Elbert Hubbard': 1, 'You are young, my son, and, as the years go by, time will change and even reverse many of your present opinions. Refrain therefore awhile from setting yourself up as a judge of the highest matters. -Plato': 1} 
entanglements {'Love anything and your heart will be wrung and possibly broken. If you want to make sure of keeping it intact you must give it to no one, not even an animal. Wrap it carefully round with hobbies and little luxuries; avoid all entanglements. Lock it up safe in the casket or coffin of your selfishness. But in that casket, safe, dark, motionless, airless, it will change. It will not be broken; it will become unbreakable, impenetrable, irredeemable. To love is to be vulnerable. -C.S. Lewis': 1} 
therewith {"Money never made a man happy yet, nor will it. There is nothing in its nature to produce happiness. The more a man has, the more he wants. Instead of its filling a vacuum, it makes one. If it satisfies one want, it doubles and trebles that want another way. That was a true proverb of the wise man, rely upon it; ''Better is little with the fear of the Lord, than great treasure, and trouble therewith. -Benjamin Franklin": 1} 
mingle {'More than kisses, letters mingle souls. -John Donne': 1} 
just {"Don't walk in front of me, I may not follow. Don't walk behind me, I may not lead. Just walk beside me and be my friend. -Albert Camus": 1, 'We need not just a new generation of leadership but a new gender of leadership. -Bill Clinton': 1, 'Just as your hand, held before the eye, can hide the tallest mountain, so this small earthly life keeps us from seeing the vast radiance that fills the core of the universe. -Nachman of Bratslav': 1, "It ain't what you don't know that gets you into trouble. It's what you know for sure that just ain't so. -Mark Twain": 1, 'No sooner do we depart from sense and instinct to follow reason but we are insensibly drawn into uncouth paradoxes, difficulties, and inconsistencies, which multiply and grow upon us as we advance in speculation; till at length, having wandered through many intricate mazes, we find ourselves just where we were, or, which is worse, sit down in a forlorn scepticism. -George Berkeley': 1, 'If eighty percent of your sales come from twenty percent of all of your items, just carry those twenty percent. -Henry Kissinger': 1, 'Just think of the tragedy of teaching children not to doubt. -Clarence Darrow': 1, "I love argument, I love debate. I don't expect anyone just to sit there and agree with me, that's not their job. -Margaret Thatcher": 1, 'You find out more about God from the Moral Law than from the univerise in general just as you find out more about a man by listening to his conversation than by looking at a house he has built. -C.S. Lewis': 1, "If your kid makes one of those little homemade guitars out of a cigar box and rubber bands, don't let him just play it once or twice and then throw it away. Make him practice on it, every day, for about three hours a day. Later, he'll thank you. -Jack Handey": 1, "I know God will not give me anything I can't handle. I just wish that He didn't trust me so much. -Mother Teresa": 1, "We seem to be going through a period of nostalgia, and everyone seems to think yesterday was better than today. I don't think it was, and I would advise you not to wait ten years before admitting today was great. If you're hung up on nostalgia, pretend today is yesterday and just go out and have one hell of a time. -Art Buchwald": 1, "If everything seems under control, you're just not going fast enough. -Mario Andretti": 1, "Just because I look sexy on the cover of Rolling Stone doesn't mean I'm naughty. -Britney Spears": 1, "We all wish to be judged by our peers, by the men 'after our own heart.' Only they really know our mind and only they judge it by standards we fully acknowledge. Theirs is the praise we really covet and the blame we really dread. The little pockets of early Chrstians survived because they cared exclusively for the love of 'the bretheren' and stopped their ears to the opinion of the Pagan society around them. But a circle of criminals, cranks, or perverts survives in just the same way; by becoming deaf to the opinion of the outer world, by discounting it as the chatter of outsiders who 'don't understand,' of the 'conventional,' the 'bourgeois,' the 'Establishment,' of prigs, prudes, and humbugs. -C.S. Lewis": 1, "When this girl at the museum asked me who I liked better, Monet or Manet, I said, 'I like mayonnaise.' She just stared at me, so I said it again, louder. Then she left. I guess she went to try to find some mayonnaise for me. -Jack Handey": 1, "I just want to do God's will. -Martin Luther King Jr.": 1, 'I like television. I still believe that television is the most powerful form of communication on Earth -- I just hate what is being done with it. -Alton Brown': 1, 'Women need a reason to have sex -- men just need a place. -Billy Crystal': 1, 'On the plus side, death is one of the few things that can be done just as easily lying down. -Woody Allen': 1, 'Painting is just another way of keeping a diary. -Pablo Picasso': 1, "You know, there's a million fine looking women in the world, dude. But they don't all bring you lasagna at work. Most of 'em just cheat on you. -Kevin Smith": 1, "I don't make jokes. I just watch the government and report the facts. -Will Rogers": 1, 'Even if there is only one possible unified theory, it is just a set of rules and equations. What is it that breathes fire into the equations and makes a universe for them to describe? -Stephen Hawking': 1, 'Life is just one damned thing after another. -Elbert Hubbard': 1, 'A word is dead when it is said, some say. I say it just begins to live that day. -Emily Dickinson': 1, 'To you taxpayers out there, let me say this: Make sure you file your tax return on time! And remember that, even though income taxes can be a \x93pain in the neck,\x94 the folks at the IRS are regular people just like you, except that they can destroy your life. -Dave Barry': 1, 'Science is facts; just as houses are made of stones, so is science made of facts; but a pile of stones is not a house and a collection of facts is not necessarily science. -Henri Poincare': 1} 
gods {'Those whom the gods love grow young. -Oscar Wilde': 1, 'It is said that gifts persuade even the gods. -Euripides': 1} 
poet's {"My role in society, or any artist's or poet's role, is to try and express what we all feel. Not to tell people how to feel. Not as a preacher, not as a leader, but as a reflection of us all. -John Lennon": 1} 
overcoming {'The world is full of suffering. It is also full of overcoming it. -Helen Keller': 1} 
assigned {'Under the doctrine of the separation of powers, the manner in which the president personally exercises his assigned executive powers is not subject to questioning by another branch of government. -Richard Nixon': 1} 
human {"Science is not about building a body of known 'facts'. It is a method for asking awkward questions and subjecting them to a reality-check, thus avoiding the human tendency to believe whatever makes us feel good. -Terry Pratchett": 1, 'Such is the delicacy of man alone, that no object is produced to his liking. He finds that in everything there is need for improvement. The whole industry of human life is employed not in procuring the supply of our three humble necessities, food, clothes and lodging, but in procuring the conveniences of it according to the nicety and delicacy of our tastes. -Adam Smith': 1, 'When the human race has once acquired a supersitition nothing short of death is ever likely to remove it. -Mark Twain': 1, 'Laughter is the sun that drives winter from the human face. -Victor Hugo': 1, 'I love writing. I love the swirl and swing of words as they tangle with human emotions. -James Michener': 1, 'All human actions have one or more of these seven causes: chance, nature, compulsions, habit, reason, passion, desire. -Aristotle': 1, 'No human relation gives one possession in another...every two souls are absolutely different. In friendship and in love, the two side by side raise hands together to find what one cannot reach alone. -Kahlil Gibran': 1, "Having someone wonder where you are when you don't come home at night is a very old human need. -Margaret Mead": 1, "The days of looking the other way while despotic regimes trample human rights, rob their nations' wealth, and then excuse their failings by feeding their people a steady diet of anti-Western hatred are over. -Dick Cheney": 1, 'There is only one force of history that can break the reign of hatred and resentment, and expose the pretensions of tyrants, and reward the hopes of the decent and tolerant, and that is the force of human freedom. -George W. Bush': 1, "I think computer viruses should count as life. I think it says something about human nature that the only form of life we have created so far is purely destructive. We've created life in our own image. -Stephen Hawking": 1, 'America did not invent human rights. In a very real sense...human rights invented America. -Jimmy Carter': 2, 'Egalitarians create the most dangerous inequality of all -- inequality of power. Allowing politicians to determine what all other human beings will be allowed to earn is one of the most reckless gambles imaginable. Like the income tax, it may start off being applied only to the rich but it will inevitably reach us all. -Thomas Sowell': 1} 
swears {"Money doesn't talk, it swears. -Bob Dylan": 1} 
facts {'Facts do not cease to exist because they are ignored. -Aldous Huxley': 1, "Science is not about building a body of known 'facts'. It is a method for asking awkward questions and subjecting them to a reality-check, thus avoiding the human tendency to believe whatever makes us feel good. -Terry Pratchett": 1, "I don't make jokes. I just watch the government and report the facts. -Will Rogers": 1, 'Those who forget good and evil and seek only to know the facts are more likely to achieve good than those who view the world through the distorting medium of their own desires. -Bertrand Russell': 1, 'When you have the facts on your side, argue the facts. When you have the law on your side, argue the law. When you have neither, holler. -Al Gore': 2, 'Nothing before had ever made me thoroughly realise, though I had read various scientific books, that science consists in grouping facts so that general laws or conclusions may be drawn from them. -Charles Darwin': 1, 'Science is facts; just as houses are made of stones, so is science made of facts; but a pile of stones is not a house and a collection of facts is not necessarily science. -Henri Poincare': 3} 
yep {"There are people who put their dreams in a little box and say, Yes, I've got dreams, of course I've got dreams. Then they put the box away and bring it out once in awhile to look in it, and yep, they're still there. -Erna Bombeck": 1} 
yes {"Ah, yes, divorce...from the Latin word meaning to rip out a man's genitals through his wallet. -Robin Williams": 1, "There are people who put their dreams in a little box and say, Yes, I've got dreams, of course I've got dreams. Then they put the box away and bring it out once in awhile to look in it, and yep, they're still there. -Erna Bombeck": 1} 
yet {"I told my psychiatrist that everyone hates me. He said I was being ridiculous - everyone hasn't met me yet. -Rodney Dangerfield": 1, 'When nothing seems to help, I go and look at a stonecutter hammering away at his rock perhaps a hundred times without as much as a crack showing in it. Yet at the hundred and first blow it will split in two, and I know it was not that blow that did it, but all that had gone before. -Jacob August Riis': 1, 'The mystic chords of memory, stretching from every battlefield and patriot grave to every living heart and hearthstone all over this broad land, will yet swell the chorus of the Union, when again touched, as surely they will be, by the better angels of our nature. -Abraham Lincoln': 1, "My life has no purpose, no direction, no aim, no meaning, and yet I'm happy. I can't figure it out. What am I doing right? -Charles Schulz": 1, 'Television is a medium of entertainment which permits millions of people to listen to the same joke at the same time, and yet remain lonesome. -T.S. Eliot': 1, "Money never made a man happy yet, nor will it. There is nothing in its nature to produce happiness. The more a man has, the more he wants. Instead of its filling a vacuum, it makes one. If it satisfies one want, it doubles and trebles that want another way. That was a true proverb of the wise man, rely upon it; ''Better is little with the fear of the Lord, than great treasure, and trouble therewith. -Benjamin Franklin": 1, 'I have never started a poem yet whose end I knew. Writing a poem is discovering. -Robert Frost': 1, 'The supernatural is the natural not yet understood. -Elbert Hubbard': 1, 'I have often wondered how it is that every man loves himself more than all the rest of men, but yet sets less value on his own opinion of himself than on the opinion of others. -Marcus Aurelius': 1} 
vices {'He has all the virtues I dislike and none of the vices I admire. -Winston Churchill': 1} 
adding {'Returning violence for violence multiplies violence, adding deeper darkness to a night already devoid of stars. -Martin Luther King Jr.': 1} 
enters {'God enters by a private door into every individual. -Ralph Waldo Emerson': 1} 
hills {'When an American says that he loves his country, he means not only that he loves the New England hills, the prairies glistening in the sun, the wide and rising plains, the great mountains, and the sea. He means that he loves an inner air, an inner light in which freedom lives and in which a man can draw the breath of self-respect. -Adlai Stevenson': 1} 
regarded {'In the beginning, the universe was created. This made a lot of people very angry, and has been widely regarded as a bad idea. -Douglas Adams': 1, "You give me a credit to which I have no claim in calling me 'the writer of the Constitution of the United States.' This was not, like the fabled Goddess of Wisdom, the offspring of a single brain. It ought to be regarded as the work of many heads and many hands. -James Madison": 1} 
assassination {'Demoralize the enemy from within by surprise, terror, sabotage, assassination. This is the war of the future. -Adolf Hitler': 1} 
character {"What a man's mind can create, man's character can control. -Thomas Edison": 1, 'Character is what you are in the dark. -John Whorfin': 1, "Many a man's reputation would not know his character if they met on the street. -Elbert Hubbard": 1} 
innocent {'Children are innocent and love justice, while most adults are wicked and prefer mercy. -GK Chesterton': 1, 'That the innocent, though they may have some connexion or dependency upon the guilty (which, perhaps, they themselves cannot help), should not, upon that account, suffer or be punished for the guilty, is one of the plainest and most obvious rules of justice. -Adam Smith': 1} 
john dewey {'Reason is experimental intelligence, conceived after the pattern of science, and used in the creation of social arts; it has something to do. It liberates man from the bondage of the past, due to ignorance and accident hardened into custom. It projects a better future and assists man in its realization. -John Dewey': 1} 
consideration {'Though force can protect in emergency, only justice, fairness, consideration and cooperation can finally lead men to the dawn of eternal peace. -Dwight Eisenhower': 1} 
has {'Inspiration exists, but it has to find you working. -Pablo Picasso': 1, 'There is hope for the future because God has a sense of humor and we are funny to God. -Bill Cosby': 1, 'Let the word go forth from this time and place, to friend and foe alike, that the torch has been passed to a new generation of Americans. -John F. Kennedy': 1, 'There is a theory which states that if ever anyone discovers exactly what the Universe is for and why it is here, it will instantly disappear and be replaced by something even more bizarre and inexplicable. There is another theory which states that this has already happened. -Douglas Adams': 1, 'No easy problem ever comes to the President of the United States. If they are easy to solve, somebody else has solved them. -John F. Kennedy': 1, 'It must be remembered that there is nothing more difficult to plan, more doubtful of success nor more dangerous to manage than the creation of a new system. For the initiator has the enmity of all who profit by the preservation of the old institution and merely lukewarm defenders in those who would gain by the new one. -Nicolo Machiavelli': 1, 'He has all the virtues I dislike and none of the vices I admire. -Winston Churchill': 1, 'Serious sport has nothing to do with fair play. It is bound up with hatred, jealousy, boastfulness, disregard of all rules and sadistic pleasure in witnessing violence. In other words: it is war minus the shooting. -George Orwell': 1, 'No nation keeps its word. A nation is a big, blind worm, following what? Fate perhaps. A nation has no honor, it has no word to keep. -Carl Jung': 2, "The puritanism of Christianity has played havoc with the moderation that an enlightened and tolerant critical spirit would have produced. I've noticed that in whatever country, county, town, or other region there is a regulation enjoining temperance, the population seems to be entirely composed of teetotallers and drunkards. There's a Bible on that shelf there. But I keep it next to Voltaire - poison and antidote. -Bertrand Russell": 1, 'The man who does not read good books has no advantage over the man who cannot read them. -Mark Twain': 1, 'Politics has got so expensive that it takes lots of money to even get beat with. -Will Rogers': 1, 'Nothing separates the generations more than music. By the time a child is eight or nine, he has developed a passion for his own music that is even stronger than his passions for procrastination and weird clothes. -Bill Cosby': 1, 'The intellect is not a serious thing, and never has been. It is an instrument on which one plays, that is all. -Oscar Wilde': 1, 'As scarce as truth is, the supply has always been in excess of the demand. -Josh Billings': 1, 'Perhaps one of the most important accomplishments of my administration has been minding my own business. -Calvin Coolidge': 1, 'Two roads diverged in a wood, and I...I took the one less traveled by, and that has made all the difference. -Robert Frost': 1, 'It has been said that man is a rational animal. All my life I have been searching for evidence which could support this. -Bertrand Russell': 1, 'We ascribe beauty to that which is simple; which has no superfluous parts; which exactly answers its end; which stands related to all things; which is the mean of many extremes. -Ralph Waldo Emerson': 1, 'Reason is experimental intelligence, conceived after the pattern of science, and used in the creation of social arts; it has something to do. It liberates man from the bondage of the past, due to ignorance and accident hardened into custom. It projects a better future and assists man in its realization. -John Dewey': 1, 'Man [has] always assumed that he was more intelligent than dolphins because he had achieved so much-the wheel, New York, wars and so on-while all the dolphins had ever done was muck about in the water having a good time. But conversely, the dolphins had always believed that they were far more intelligent than man-for precisely the same reason. -Douglas Adams': 1, "If a woman has to choose between catching a fly ball and saving an infant's life, she will choose to save the infant's life without even considering if there are men on base. -Dave Barry": 1, 'One of the striking differences between a cat and a lie is that a cat has only nine lives. -Mark Twain': 1, 'I hate war as only a soldier who has lived it can, only as one who has seen its brutality, its futility, its stupidity. -Dwight Eisenhower': 2, "Money never made a man happy yet, nor will it. There is nothing in its nature to produce happiness. The more a man has, the more he wants. Instead of its filling a vacuum, it makes one. If it satisfies one want, it doubles and trebles that want another way. That was a true proverb of the wise man, rely upon it; ''Better is little with the fear of the Lord, than great treasure, and trouble therewith. -Benjamin Franklin": 1, 'Take time to deliberate, but when the time for action has arrived, stop thinking and go in. -Napoleon Bonaparte': 1, 'Some of your countrymen were unable to distinguish between their native dislike for war and the stainless patriotism of those who suffered its scars. But there has been a rethinking and now we can say to you, and say as a nation, thank you for your courage. -Ronald Reagan': 1, 'In the beginning, the universe was created. This made a lot of people very angry, and has been widely regarded as a bad idea. -Douglas Adams': 1, 'The heart has its reasons, of which the mind knows nothing. -Blaise Pascal': 1, 'Nobody can have the consolations of religion or philosophy unless he has first experienced their desolations. -Aldous Huxley': 1, 'To one who has faith, no explanation is necessary. To one without faith, no explanation is possible. -Thomas Aquinas': 1, "How did it get so late so soon? It's night before it's afternoon. December is here before it's June. My goodness how the time has flewn. How did it get so late so soon? -Theodor Seuss Geisel": 1, 'You find out more about God from the Moral Law than from the univerise in general just as you find out more about a man by listening to his conversation than by looking at a house he has built. -C.S. Lewis': 1, 'The hour of departure has arrived, and we go our ways - I to die, and you to live. Which is better God only knows. -Plato': 1, 'When I took office, only high energy physicists had ever heard of what is called the Worldwide Web....now even my cat has its own page. -Bill Clinton': 1, 'On account of being a democracy and run by the people, we are the only nation in the world that has to keep a government four years, no matter what it does. -Will Rogers': 1, 'I never see what has been done; I only see what remains to be done. -Siddhartha Buddha': 1, "If you're in a boxing match, try not to let the other guy's glove touch your lips, because you don't know where that glove has been. -Jack Handey": 1, 'Religion to me has always been the wound, not the bandage. -Dennis Potter': 1, "The function of RAM is to give us guys a way of deciding whose computer has the biggest, studliest, most tumescent MEMORY. This is important, because with today's complex software, the more memory a computer has, the faster it can produce error messages. So the bottom line is, if you're a guy, you cannot have enough RAM. -Dave Barry": 2, 'The difference between genius and stupidity is that genius has its limits. -Albert Einstein': 1, "Thus far, the reputed idiot Bush has graduated from Yale and Harvard, made a stack of cash in the oil industry, become the first consecutive-term governor of Texas, defeated a dual-term VP for the presidency, and led his party to [November 5th's] extraordinary triumphs. Let his opponents keep calling him stupid; if they do, within five years Bush will be King of England, the Pope, and world Formula One motor racing champion. -Tim Blair": 1, 'Beauty is all very well at first sight; but whoever looks at it when it has been in the house three days? -George Bernard Shaw': 1, 'Ocean: A body of water occupying 2/3 of a world made for man...who has no gills. -Ambrose Bierce': 1, 'A star on a movie set is like a time bomb. That bomb has got to be defused so people can approach it without fear. -Jack Nicholson': 1, 'I believe in Christianity as I believe that the sun has risen, not only because I see it, but because by it I see everything else. -C.S. Lewis': 1, 'The aging process has you firmly in its grasp if you never get the urge to throw a snowball. -Doug Larson': 1, 'When the human race has once acquired a supersitition nothing short of death is ever likely to remove it. -Mark Twain': 1, 'Sin has many tools, but a lie is the handle which fits them all. -Edmund Burke': 1, 'The greatness of our country has been based on our thinking that everyone has a right even to be wrong. -Ronald Reagan': 2, "Learning carries within itself certain dangers because out of necessity one has to learn from one's enemies. -Leon Trotsky": 1, 'Any reviewer who expresses rage and loathing for a novel is preposterous. He or she is like a person who has put on full armor and attacked a hot fudge sundae. -Kurt Vonnegut': 1, 'The worst moment for the athieist is when he feels thankful and has no one to thank. -Dante Gabriel Rossetti': 1, 'Everything except God has some natural superior; everything except unformed matter has some natural inferior. -C.S. Lewis': 2, 'Anyone who has never made a mistake has never tried anything new. -Albert Einstein': 2, "My life has no purpose, no direction, no aim, no meaning, and yet I'm happy. I can't figure it out. What am I doing right? -Charles Schulz": 1, 'There is luxury in self-reproach. When we blame ourselves, we feel no one else has a right to blame us. -Oscar Wilde': 1, 'We should take care not to make the intellect our god; it has, of course, powerful muscles, but no personality. -Albert Einstein': 1, 'To me there has never been a higher source of earthly honor or distinction than that connected with advances in science. -Isaac Newton': 1, 'A brain has to digest its food, too. -Jason Mechalek': 1, 'From kindergarten to graduation, I went to public schools, and I know that they are a key to being sure that every child has a chance to succeed and to rise in the world. -Dick Cheney': 1} 
hat {"One thing they never tell you about child raising is that for the rest of your life, at the drop of a hat, you are expected to know your child's name and how old he or she is. -Erna Bombeck": 1} 
humanity {'Humanity is acquiring all the right technology for all the wrong reasons. -Buckminster Fuller': 1, "What sunshine is to flowers, smiles are to humanity. These are but trifles, to be sure; but scattered along life's pathway, the good they do is inconceivable. -Joseph Addison": 1, "Every author should weigh his work and ask, 'Will humanity gain any benefit from it?' -Nachman of Bratslav": 1} 
gave {"Many of life's failures are people who did not realize how close they were to success when they gave up. -Thomas Edison": 1} 
stephen hawking {'Even if there is only one possible unified theory, it is just a set of rules and equations. What is it that breathes fire into the equations and makes a universe for them to describe? -Stephen Hawking': 1, 'Not only does God play dice, but he sometimes throws them where they cannot be seen. -Stephen Hawking': 1, "I think computer viruses should count as life. I think it says something about human nature that the only form of life we have created so far is purely destructive. We've created life in our own image. -Stephen Hawking": 1} 
advances {'To me there has never been a higher source of earthly honor or distinction than that connected with advances in science. -Isaac Newton': 1} 
survival {'If you will not fight for the right when you can easily win without bloodshed; if you will not fight when your victory will be sure and not too costly; you may come to the moment when you will have to fight with all the odds against you and only a small chance of survival. There may even be a worse case: you may have to fight when there is no hope of victory, because it is better to perish than to live as slaves. -Winston Churchill': 1, 'For me, survival is the ability to cope with difficulties, with circumstances, and to overcome them. -Nelson Mandela': 1} 
possible {'Life is no brief candle to me. It is a sort of splendid torch which I have got a hold of for the moment, and I want to make it burn as brightly as possible before handing it onto future generations. -George Bernard Shaw': 1, 'Were it possible for us to wait for ourselves to come into the room, not many of us would find our hearts breaking into flower as we heard the door handle turn. -Rebecca West': 1, 'I think the best possible social program is a job. -Ronald Reagan': 1, 'To one who has faith, no explanation is necessary. To one without faith, no explanation is possible. -Thomas Aquinas': 1, 'Even if there is only one possible unified theory, it is just a set of rules and equations. What is it that breathes fire into the equations and makes a universe for them to describe? -Stephen Hawking': 1} 
possibly {"You should do your own car repairs. It's an easy way to save money and possibly maim yourself for life. -Dave Barry": 1, "Never continue in a job you don't enjoy. If you're happy in what you're doing, you'll like yourself, you'll have inner peace. And if you have that, along with physical health, you will have had more success than you could possibly have imagined. -Johnny Carson": 1, 'Love anything and your heart will be wrung and possibly broken. If you want to make sure of keeping it intact you must give it to no one, not even an animal. Wrap it carefully round with hobbies and little luxuries; avoid all entanglements. Lock it up safe in the casket or coffin of your selfishness. But in that casket, safe, dark, motionless, airless, it will change. It will not be broken; it will become unbreakable, impenetrable, irredeemable. To love is to be vulnerable. -C.S. Lewis': 1} 
birth {'Death is psychologically as important as birth. Shrinking away from it is something unhealthy and abnormal which robs the second half of life of its purpose. -Carl Jung': 1, "I think, at a child's birth, if a mother could ask a fairy godmother to endow it with the most useful gift, that gift should be curiosity. -Eleanor Roosevelt": 1} 
judge {"If Jack's in love, he's no judge of Jill's beauty. -Benjamin Franklin": 1, 'You are young, my son, and, as the years go by, time will change and even reverse many of your present opinions. Refrain therefore awhile from setting yourself up as a judge of the highest matters. -Plato': 1, 'If you judge people, you have no time to love them. -Mother Teresa': 1, "We all wish to be judged by our peers, by the men 'after our own heart.' Only they really know our mind and only they judge it by standards we fully acknowledge. Theirs is the praise we really covet and the blame we really dread. The little pockets of early Chrstians survived because they cared exclusively for the love of 'the bretheren' and stopped their ears to the opinion of the Pagan society around them. But a circle of criminals, cranks, or perverts survives in just the same way; by becoming deaf to the opinion of the outer world, by discounting it as the chatter of outsiders who 'don't understand,' of the 'conventional,' the 'bourgeois,' the 'Establishment,' of prigs, prudes, and humbugs. -C.S. Lewis": 1, 'Never judge a philosophy by its abuse. -Saint Augustine': 1, 'The writer\x92s job is not to judge, but to seek to understand. -Ernest Hemingway': 1} 
shadow {'Beauty is ever to the lonely mind a shadow fleeting; she is never plain. She is a visitor who leaves behind the gift of grief, the souvenir of pain. -Christopher Morley': 1} 
dreams {'With the sleep of dreams comes nightmares. -William Shakespeare': 1, 'It takes a lot of courage to show your dreams to someone else. -Erna Bombeck': 1, "There are people who put their dreams in a little box and say, Yes, I've got dreams, of course I've got dreams. Then they put the box away and bring it out once in awhile to look in it, and yep, they're still there. -Erna Bombeck": 3} 
apart {'The covers of this book are too far apart. -Ambrose Bierce': 1} 
desire {'God does not give heed to the ambitiousness of our prayers, because he is always ready to give to us his light, not a visible light but an intellectual and spiritual one; but we are not always ready to receive it when we turn aside and down to other things out of a desire for temporal things. -Saint Augustine': 1, 'I wake each morning torn between the desire to improve the world and the desire to enjoy it. It makes it hard to plan the day. -E.B. White': 2, 'All men desire to know. -Aristotle': 1, 'All human actions have one or more of these seven causes: chance, nature, compulsions, habit, reason, passion, desire. -Aristotle': 1} 
county {"The puritanism of Christianity has played havoc with the moderation that an enlightened and tolerant critical spirit would have produced. I've noticed that in whatever country, county, town, or other region there is a regulation enjoining temperance, the population seems to be entirely composed of teetotallers and drunkards. There's a Bible on that shelf there. But I keep it next to Voltaire - poison and antidote. -Bertrand Russell": 1} 
isaac newton {'To me there has never been a higher source of earthly honor or distinction than that connected with advances in science. -Isaac Newton': 1} 
brutality {'I hate war as only a soldier who has lived it can, only as one who has seen its brutality, its futility, its stupidity. -Dwight Eisenhower': 1} 
gift {"I think a good gift for the president would be a chocolate revolver. And since he's so busy, you'd probably have to run up to him and hand it to him. -Jack Handey": 1, 'Rings and jewels are not gifts but apologies for gifts. The only true gift is a portion of yourself. -Ralph Waldo Emerson': 1, "I think, at a child's birth, if a mother could ask a fairy godmother to endow it with the most useful gift, that gift should be curiosity. -Eleanor Roosevelt": 2, 'Beauty is ever to the lonely mind a shadow fleeting; she is never plain. She is a visitor who leaves behind the gift of grief, the souvenir of pain. -Christopher Morley': 1} 
visible {'God does not give heed to the ambitiousness of our prayers, because he is always ready to give to us his light, not a visible light but an intellectual and spiritual one; but we are not always ready to receive it when we turn aside and down to other things out of a desire for temporal things. -Saint Augustine': 1} 
zeal {'All enterprises that are entered into with indiscreet zeal may be pursued with great vigor at first, but are sure to collapse in the end. -Tacitus': 1} 
unnecessary {'We live in an age when unnecessary things are our only necessities. -Oscar Wilde': 1} 
soap {'Fatherhood is pretending the present you love most is soap on-a-rope. -Bill Cosby': 1} 
private {'God enters by a private door into every individual. -Ralph Waldo Emerson': 1, 'The health of a democratic society may be measured by the quality of functions performed by private citizens. -Alexis de Tocqueville': 1} 
ninety {'Sex at age ninety is like trying to shoot pool with a rope. -George Burns': 1, 'I think and think for months and years, ninety-nine times, the conclusion is false. The hundredth time I am right. -Albert Einstein': 1, 'Genius is one per cent inspiration, ninety-nine per cent perspiration. -Thomas Edison': 1} 
night {"How did it get so late so soon? It's night before it's afternoon. December is here before it's June. My goodness how the time has flewn. How did it get so late so soon? -Theodor Seuss Geisel": 1, 'Returning violence for violence multiplies violence, adding deeper darkness to a night already devoid of stars. -Martin Luther King Jr.': 1, "I had a dream the other night. I dreamed that Jimmy Carter came to me and asked why I wanted his job. I told him I didn't want his job. I want to be President. -Ronald Reagan": 1, 'People sleep peaceably in their beds at night only because rough men stand ready to do violence on their behalf. -George Orwell': 1, "Having someone wonder where you are when you don't come home at night is a very old human need. -Margaret Mead": 1, 'The good thing about being bisexual is that it doubles your chance of a date on a Saturday night. -Woody Allen': 1} 
hung {"We seem to be going through a period of nostalgia, and everyone seems to think yesterday was better than today. I don't think it was, and I would advise you not to wait ten years before admitting today was great. If you're hung up on nostalgia, pretend today is yesterday and just go out and have one hell of a time. -Art Buchwald": 1} 
satiated {"Of all tyrannies, a tyranny exercised for the good of its victims may be the most oppressive. It may be better to live under robber barons than under omnipotent moral busybodies. The robber baron's cruelty may sometimes sleep, his cupidity may at some point be satiated; but those who torment us for our own good will torment us without end, for they do so with the approval of their own conscience. -C.S. Lewis": 1} 
cardinal bellarmine {'To assert that the earth revolves around the sun is as erroneous as to claim that Jesus was not born of a virgin. -Cardinal Bellarmine': 1} 
worldwide {'When I took office, only high energy physicists had ever heard of what is called the Worldwide Web....now even my cat has its own page. -Bill Clinton': 1} 
right {'Goldie and I did have a car stolen right out of our yard. It took us three days to notice. -Kurt Russell': 1, 'Freedom is the right to question and change the established way of doing things. It is the continuous revolution of the marketplace. It is the understanding that allows us to recognize shortcomings and seek solutions. -Ronald Reagan': 1, "Ever notice that 'what the hell' is always the right decision? -Marilyn Monroe": 1, 'The best way to win an argument is to begin by being right. -Jill Ruckleshaus': 1, 'Those who believe they are exclusively in the right are generally those who achieve something. -Aldous Huxley': 1, 'The greatest lesson in life is to know that even fools are right sometimes. -Winston Churchill': 1, "Anybody can become angry - that is easy, but to be angry with the right person and to the right degree and at the right time and for the right purpose, and in the right way - that is not within everybody's power and is not easy. -Aristotle": 5, "Talent alone won't make you a success. Neither will being in the right place at the right time, unless you are ready. The most important question is: 'Are you ready?' -Johnny Carson": 2, 'Let us have faith that right makes might, and in that faith, let us, to the end, dare to do our duty as we understand it. -Abraham Lincoln': 1, "We all want progress, but if you're on the wrong road, progress means doing an about-turn and walking back to the right road; in that case, the man who turns back soonest is the most progressive. -C.S. Lewis": 1, "The right to swing my fist ends where the other man's nose begins. -Oliver Wendell Holmes": 1, 'A right delayed is a right denied. -Martin Luther King Jr.': 2, 'There is luxury in self-reproach. When we blame ourselves, we feel no one else has a right to blame us. -Oscar Wilde': 1, 'Humanity is acquiring all the right technology for all the wrong reasons. -Buckminster Fuller': 1, 'Are you entitled to the fruits of your labor or does government have some presumptive right to spend and spend and spend? -Ronald Reagan': 1, "I don't always know what I'm talking about but I know I'm right. -Muhammad Ali": 1, 'I think and think for months and years, ninety-nine times, the conclusion is false. The hundredth time I am right. -Albert Einstein': 1, 'Remember not only to say the right thing in the right place, but far more difficult still, to leave unsaid the wrong thing at the tempting moment. -Benjamin Franklin': 2, 'The greatness of our country has been based on our thinking that everyone has a right even to be wrong. -Ronald Reagan': 1, "My life has no purpose, no direction, no aim, no meaning, and yet I'm happy. I can't figure it out. What am I doing right? -Charles Schulz": 1, 'In any moment of decision, the best thing you can do is the right thing. The worst thing you can do is nothing. -Theodore Roosevelt': 1, 'If you will not fight for the right when you can easily win without bloodshed; if you will not fight when your victory will be sure and not too costly; you may come to the moment when you will have to fight with all the odds against you and only a small chance of survival. There may even be a worse case: you may have to fight when there is no hope of victory, because it is better to perish than to live as slaves. -Winston Churchill': 1} 
malcolm forbes {'Failure is success if we learn from it. -Malcolm Forbes': 1, "By the time we've made it, we've had it. -Malcolm Forbes": 1} 
abraham lincoln {'I believe this government cannot endure permanently half slave and half free. -Abraham Lincoln': 1, 'My dream is of a place and a time where America will once again be seen as the last best hope of earth. -Abraham Lincoln': 1, 'The mystic chords of memory, stretching from every battlefield and patriot grave to every living heart and hearthstone all over this broad land, will yet swell the chorus of the Union, when again touched, as surely they will be, by the better angels of our nature. -Abraham Lincoln': 1, 'As I would not be a slave, so I would not be a master. This expresses my idea of democracy. Whatever differs from this, to the extent of the difference, is no democracy. -Abraham Lincoln': 1, 'Intoxicated with unbroken success, we have become too self-sufficient to feel the necessity of redeeming and preserving grace, too proud to pray to the God that made us. -Abraham Lincoln': 1, 'No matter how much cats fight, there always seem to be plenty of kittens. -Abraham Lincoln': 1, 'If you are resolutely determined to make a lawyer of yourself, the thing is more than half done already. -Abraham Lincoln': 1, 'Let us have faith that right makes might, and in that faith, let us, to the end, dare to do our duty as we understand it. -Abraham Lincoln': 1, 'The Bible is not my book, and Christianity is not my religion. I could never give assent to the long, complicated statements of Christian dogma. -Abraham Lincoln': 1} 
people {"You do not lead by hitting people over the head \x97 that's assault, not leadership. -Dwight Eisenhower": 1, 'Ten people who speak make more noise than ten thousand who are silent. -Napoleon Bonaparte': 1, 'Life does not cease to be funny when people die any more than it ceases to be serious when people laugh. -George Bernard Shaw': 2, 'Freedom is not something that anybody can be given; freedom is something people take and people are as free as they want to be. -James Baldwin': 2, 'People sleep peaceably in their beds at night only because rough men stand ready to do violence on their behalf. -George Orwell': 1, "Middle age is when you've met so many people that every new person you meet reminds you of someone else. -Ogden Nash": 1, 'It is astonishing what an effort it seems to be for many people to put their brains definitely and systematically to work. -Thomas Edison': 1, 'The eyes of the world are upon you. The hopes and prayers of liberty-loving people everywhere march with you. -Dwight Eisenhower': 1, 'Marriage is the alliance of two people, one of whom never remembers birthdays and the other who never forgets. -Ogden Nash': 1, 'The Democrats seem to be basically nicer people, but they have demonstrated time and again that they have the management skills of celery. -Dave Barry': 1, 'People can misinterpret almost anything so that it coincides with views they already hold. They take from art what they already believe. -Stanley Kubrick': 1, 'Few people think more than two or three times a year. I have made an international reputation for myself by thinking once or twice a week. -George Bernard Shaw': 1, "Many of life's failures are people who did not realize how close they were to success when they gave up. -Thomas Edison": 1, 'Karate is a form of marital arts in which people who have had years and years of training can, using only their hands and feet, make some of the worst movies in the history of the world. -Dave Barry': 1, "There are people who put their dreams in a little box and say, Yes, I've got dreams, of course I've got dreams. Then they put the box away and bring it out once in awhile to look in it, and yep, they're still there. -Erna Bombeck": 1, "Being a leader is like being a lady, if you have to go around telling people you are one, you aren't. -Margaret Thatcher": 1, 'In the beginning, the universe was created. This made a lot of people very angry, and has been widely regarded as a bad idea. -Douglas Adams': 1, 'People have a way of becoming what you encourage them to be, not what you nag them to be. -Author Unknown': 1, "My role in society, or any artist's or poet's role, is to try and express what we all feel. Not to tell people how to feel. Not as a preacher, not as a leader, but as a reflection of us all. -John Lennon": 1, 'If people don\x92t come to the games, you can\x92t stop them. -Yogi Berra': 1, 'People will pay more to be entertained than educated. -Johnny Carson': 1, 'In Heaven all the interesting people are missing. -Friedrich Nietzsche': 1, 'Washington is a Hollywood for ugly people. Hollywood is a Washington for the simpleminded. -John McCain': 1, 'On account of being a democracy and run by the people, we are the only nation in the world that has to keep a government four years, no matter what it does. -Will Rogers': 1, 'The laws of gravity cannot be held responsible for people falling in love. -Albert Einstein': 1, "The days of looking the other way while despotic regimes trample human rights, rob their nations' wealth, and then excuse their failings by feeding their people a steady diet of anti-Western hatred are over. -Dick Cheney": 1, 'Of course the people dont want war...that is understood. But voice or no voice, the people can always be brought to the bidding of the leaders. That is easy. All you have to do is tell them they are being attacked, and denounce the pacifists for lack of patriotism and exposing the country to danger. It works the same in any country. -Hermann Goering': 2, 'A star on a movie set is like a time bomb. That bomb has got to be defused so people can approach it without fear. -Jack Nicholson': 1, 'For each illness that doctors cure with medicine, they provoke ten in healthy people by inoculating them with the virus that is a thousand times more powerful than any microbe: the idea that one is ill. -Marcel Proust': 1, 'Television is a medium of entertainment which permits millions of people to listen to the same joke at the same time, and yet remain lonesome. -T.S. Eliot': 1, "The nice thing about being a celebrity is that, if you bore people, they think it's their fault. -Henry Kissinger": 1, ".I had to face the horrible truth: The antitobacco people are lying. Smoking really is cool. And I'm less cool for not doing it. -Tucker Carlson": 1, "Don't knock the weather; nine-tenths of the people couldn't start a conversation if it didn't change once in a while. -Kin Hubbard": 1, 'Analyzing humor is like dissecting a frog. Few people are interested and the frog dies of it. -E.B. White': 1, "Don't let people drive you crazy when you know it's in walking distance. -Author Unknown": 1, 'It is better to keep your mouth closed and let people think you are a fool than to open it and remove all doubt. -Mark Twain': 1, 'A people that values its privileges above its principles soon loses both. -Dwight Eisenhower': 1, 'Film lovers are sick people. -Francois Truffaut': 1, 'Not everybody trusts paintings, but people believe photographs. -Ansel Adams': 1, 'If you judge people, you have no time to love them. -Mother Teresa': 1, 'If all our misfortunes were laid in one common heap, whence everyone must take an equal portion, most people would be content to take their own and depart. -Socrates': 1, 'To you taxpayers out there, let me say this: Make sure you file your tax return on time! And remember that, even though income taxes can be a \x93pain in the neck,\x94 the folks at the IRS are regular people just like you, except that they can destroy your life. -Dave Barry': 1, 'The best of life is conversation, and the greatest success is confidence, or perfect understanding between two people. -Ralph Waldo Emerson': 1, 'It is most unwise for people in love to marry. -George Bernard Shaw': 1, 'Trust the people. This is the one irrefutable lesson of the entire postwar period contradicting the notion that rigid government controls are essential to economic development. -Ronald Reagan': 1} 
animals {"A 'geek' by definition is someone who eats live animals....I've never eaten live animals. -Crispin Glover": 2, 'Of all the animals, man is the only one that lies. -Mark Twain': 1} 
creed {'America is the only country ever founded on a creed. -GK Chesterton': 1} 
easy {'No easy problem ever comes to the President of the United States. If they are easy to solve, somebody else has solved them. -John F. Kennedy': 2, "You should do your own car repairs. It's an easy way to save money and possibly maim yourself for life. -Dave Barry": 1, 'Of course the people dont want war...that is understood. But voice or no voice, the people can always be brought to the bidding of the leaders. That is easy. All you have to do is tell them they are being attacked, and denounce the pacifists for lack of patriotism and exposing the country to danger. It works the same in any country. -Hermann Goering': 1, 'It is very easy to tell the difference between man-made and God-made objects. The more you magnify man-made objects, the cruder they look, but the more you magnify God-made objects, the more precise and intricate they appear. -Luther Sutherland': 1, "Anybody can become angry - that is easy, but to be angry with the right person and to the right degree and at the right time and for the right purpose, and in the right way - that is not within everybody's power and is not easy. -Aristotle": 2} 
deaf {"We all wish to be judged by our peers, by the men 'after our own heart.' Only they really know our mind and only they judge it by standards we fully acknowledge. Theirs is the praise we really covet and the blame we really dread. The little pockets of early Chrstians survived because they cared exclusively for the love of 'the bretheren' and stopped their ears to the opinion of the Pagan society around them. But a circle of criminals, cranks, or perverts survives in just the same way; by becoming deaf to the opinion of the outer world, by discounting it as the chatter of outsiders who 'don't understand,' of the 'conventional,' the 'bourgeois,' the 'Establishment,' of prigs, prudes, and humbugs. -C.S. Lewis": 1} 
begin {'We have it in our power to begin the world over again. -Thomas Paine': 1, 'To write a good love letter, you ought to begin without knowing what you mean to say and to finish without knowing what you have written. -Jean-Jacques Rousseau': 1, 'The best way to win an argument is to begin by being right. -Jill Ruckleshaus': 1} 
dead {'A word is dead when it is said, some say. I say it just begins to live that day. -Emily Dickinson': 1} 
born {'Being born is like being kidnapped. And then sold into slavery. -Andy Warhol': 1, 'Men are born ignorant, not stupid; they are made stupid by education. -Bertrand Russell': 1, 'To assert that the earth revolves around the sun is as erroneous as to claim that Jesus was not born of a virgin. -Cardinal Bellarmine': 1} 
escape {'The president cannot escape from his office. -Dwight Eisenhower': 1, 'This does not mean that the enemy is to be allowed to escape. The object is to make him believe that there is a road to safety, and thus prevent his fighting with the courage of despair. After that, you may crush him. -Sun Tzu': 1} 
bore {'Plato was a bore. -Friedrich Nietzsche': 1, "The nice thing about being a celebrity is that, if you bore people, they think it's their fault. -Henry Kissinger": 1, 'The biggest bore is the person who is bored by everyone and everything. -Frank Tyger': 1} 
intellect {'The intellect is not a serious thing, and never has been. It is an instrument on which one plays, that is all. -Oscar Wilde': 1, 'We should take care not to make the intellect our god; it has, of course, powerful muscles, but no personality. -Albert Einstein': 1} 
library {"Speeches are for the younger men who are going places. And I'm not going anyplace except six feet under the floor of that little chapel adjoining the museum and library at Abilene. -Dwight Eisenhower": 1} 
enemies {"May God have mercy upon my enemies, because I won't. -George Patton": 1, "Learning carries within itself certain dangers because out of necessity one has to learn from one's enemies. -Leon Trotsky": 1, "A man can't be too careful in the choice of his enemies. -Oscar Wilde": 1} 
shapes {'How did it happen that their lips came together? How does it happen that birds sing, that snow melts, that the rose unfolds, that the dawn whitens behind the stark shapes of trees on the quivering summit of the hill? A kiss, and all was said. -Victor Hugo': 1} 
humor {"Humor is mankind's greatest blessing. -Mark Twain": 1, 'There is hope for the future because God has a sense of humor and we are funny to God. -Bill Cosby': 1, 'Analyzing humor is like dissecting a frog. Few people are interested and the frog dies of it. -E.B. White': 1, 'Imagination is a quality given a man to compensate him for what he is not, and a sense of humor was provided to console him for what he is. -Oscar Wilde': 1} 
for {'Were it possible for us to wait for ourselves to come into the room, not many of us would find our hearts breaking into flower as we heard the door handle turn. -Rebecca West': 2, "I've worked for four presidents and watched two others up close, and I know that there's no such thing as a routine day in the Oval Office. -Dick Cheney": 1, 'The United States stands at the pinnacle of world power. This is a solemn moment for the American democracy. For with primacy in power is joined an awe-inspiring accountability for the future. -Winston Churchill': 3, 'To be prepared for war is one of the most effectual means of preserving peace. -George Washington': 1, 'We know too much, and are convinced of too little. Our literature is a substitute for religion, and so is our religion. -T.S. Eliot': 1, 'No man will make a great leader who wants to do it all himself or get all the credit for doing it. -Andrew Carnegie': 1, 'It has been said that man is a rational animal. All my life I have been searching for evidence which could support this. -Bertrand Russell': 1, 'The fruit that can fall without shaking, indeed is too mellow for me. -Lady Mary Wortley Montagu': 1, "You should do your own car repairs. It's an easy way to save money and possibly maim yourself for life. -Dave Barry": 1, "Anybody can become angry - that is easy, but to be angry with the right person and to the right degree and at the right time and for the right purpose, and in the right way - that is not within everybody's power and is not easy. -Aristotle": 1, 'There are three rules for writing a novel. Unfortunately, no one knows what they are. -W. Somerset Maugham': 1, 'Some of your countrymen were unable to distinguish between their native dislike for war and the stainless patriotism of those who suffered its scars. But there has been a rethinking and now we can say to you, and say as a nation, thank you for your courage. -Ronald Reagan': 2, "Of all tyrannies, a tyranny exercised for the good of its victims may be the most oppressive. It may be better to live under robber barons than under omnipotent moral busybodies. The robber baron's cruelty may sometimes sleep, his cupidity may at some point be satiated; but those who torment us for our own good will torment us without end, for they do so with the approval of their own conscience. -C.S. Lewis": 3, 'For me, survival is the ability to cope with difficulties, with circumstances, and to overcome them. -Nelson Mandela': 1, "If your kid makes one of those little homemade guitars out of a cigar box and rubber bands, don't let him just play it once or twice and then throw it away. Make him practice on it, every day, for about three hours a day. Later, he'll thank you. -Jack Handey": 1, 'The laws of gravity cannot be held responsible for people falling in love. -Albert Einstein': 1, "It is necessary for the welfare of society that genius should be privileged to utter sedition, to blaspheme, to outrage good taste, to corrupt the youthful mind, and generally to scandalize one's uncles. -George Bernard Shaw": 1, 'There is only one rule for being a good talker - learn to listen. -Christopher Morley': 1, 'Humanity is acquiring all the right technology for all the wrong reasons. -Buckminster Fuller': 1, 'Ocean: A body of water occupying 2/3 of a world made for man...who has no gills. -Ambrose Bierce': 1, "The movie's director is the pilot. It's his vision. For an actor, the time to worry about flying is when you're on the ground. If you don't want to fly with the director, don't get on the plane. -Denzel Washington": 1, 'Always leave something to wish for; otherwise you will be miserable from your very happiness. -Baltasar Gracian': 1, 'Even if there is only one possible unified theory, it is just a set of rules and equations. What is it that breathes fire into the equations and makes a universe for them to describe? -Stephen Hawking': 1, 'The object of war is not to die for your country but to make the other bastard die for his. -George Patton': 2, 'Any reviewer who expresses rage and loathing for a novel is preposterous. He or she is like a person who has put on full armor and attacked a hot fudge sundae. -Kurt Vonnegut': 1, "It is a good idea to ''shop around'' before you settle on a doctor. Ask about the condition of his Mercedes. Ask about the competence of his mechanic. Don't be shy! After all, you're paying for it. -Dave Barry": 1, "If you could kick the person in the pants responsible for most of your trouble, you wouldn't sit for a month. -Theodore Roosevelt": 2, 'There is hope for the future because God has a sense of humor and we are funny to God. -Bill Cosby': 1, 'Imagination is a quality given a man to compensate him for what he is not, and a sense of humor was provided to console him for what he is. -Oscar Wilde': 2, 'There is no substitute for hard work. -Thomas Edison': 1, 'It must be remembered that there is nothing more difficult to plan, more doubtful of success nor more dangerous to manage than the creation of a new system. For the initiator has the enmity of all who profit by the preservation of the old institution and merely lukewarm defenders in those who would gain by the new one. -Nicolo Machiavelli': 1, 'Humility is no substitute for a good personality. -Fran Lebowitz': 1, 'That the innocent, though they may have some connexion or dependency upon the guilty (which, perhaps, they themselves cannot help), should not, upon that account, suffer or be punished for the guilty, is one of the plainest and most obvious rules of justice. -Adam Smith': 1, "One thing they never tell you about child raising is that for the rest of your life, at the drop of a hat, you are expected to know your child's name and how old he or she is. -Erna Bombeck": 1, "Duties are not performed for duty's sake, but because their neglect would make the man uncomfortable. A man performs but one duty - the duty of contenting his spirit, the duty of making himself agreeable to himself. -Mark Twain": 1, 'It is unbecoming for young men to utter maxims. -Aristotle': 1, 'Who does not thank for little will not thank for much. -Author Unknown': 2, 'The MPAA rates this PG-13. It is too vulgar for anyone under 13, and too dumb for anyone over 13. -Roger Ebert': 2, 'Life is no brief candle to me. It is a sort of splendid torch which I have got a hold of for the moment, and I want to make it burn as brightly as possible before handing it onto future generations. -George Bernard Shaw': 1, "Be thankful we're not getting all the government we're paying for. -Will Rogers": 1, 'Knowledge that is paid for will be longer remembered. -Nachman of Bratslav': 1, "I'm a middle age white guy, which means I'm constantly reminded that my particular group is responsible for the oppression of every known minority PLUS most wars PLUS government corruption PLUS pollution of the environment, not to mention that it was middle-age white guys who killed Bambi's mom. -Dave Barry": 1, 'Of course the people dont want war...that is understood. But voice or no voice, the people can always be brought to the bidding of the leaders. That is easy. All you have to do is tell them they are being attacked, and denounce the pacifists for lack of patriotism and exposing the country to danger. It works the same in any country. -Hermann Goering': 1, "You cannot go on 'explaining away' for ever: you will find that you have explained explanation itself away. You cannot go on 'seeing through' things for ever. The whole point of seeing through something is to see something through it. -C.S. Lewis": 2, "Thus far, the reputed idiot Bush has graduated from Yale and Harvard, made a stack of cash in the oil industry, become the first consecutive-term governor of Texas, defeated a dual-term VP for the presidency, and led his party to [November 5th's] extraordinary triumphs. Let his opponents keep calling him stupid; if they do, within five years Bush will be King of England, the Pope, and world Formula One motor racing champion. -Tim Blair": 1, 'I would not join any club that would have someone like me for a member. -Groucho Marx': 1, 'PRESIDENT, n. The leading figure in a small group of men of whom \x97 and of whom only \x97 it is positively known that immense numbers of their countrymen did not want any of them for President. -Ambrose Bierce': 1, 'Rings and jewels are not gifts but apologies for gifts. The only true gift is a portion of yourself. -Ralph Waldo Emerson': 1, "I paid too much for it, but it's worth it. -Samuel Goldwyn": 1, 'You know what the fellow said: In Italy for thirty years under the Borgias they had warfare, terror, murder, and bloodshed, but they produced Michaelangelo, Leonardo Da Vinci, and the Renaissance. In Switzerland, they had brotherly love--they had five hundred years of democracy and peace, and what did they produce? The cuckoo clock. -Orson Welles': 1, 'Show me your hands. Do they have scars from giving? Show me your feet. Are they wounded in service? Show me your heart. Have you left a place for divine love? -Fulton J. Sheen': 1, "Life is not a support system for art. It's the other way around. -Stephen King": 1, 'Few people think more than two or three times a year. I have made an international reputation for myself by thinking once or twice a week. -George Bernard Shaw': 1, 'A great deal of intelligence can be invested in ignorance when the need for illusion is deep. -Saul Bellow': 1, "The only reason for time is so that everything doesn't happen at once. -Albert Einstein": 1, 'There is a theory which states that if ever anyone discovers exactly what the Universe is for and why it is here, it will instantly disappear and be replaced by something even more bizarre and inexplicable. There is another theory which states that this has already happened. -Douglas Adams': 1, 'She is not perfect. You are not perfect. The question is whether or not you are perfect for each other. -Robin Williams': 1, 'Man was made for action, and to promote by the exertion of his faculties such changes in the external circumstances both of himself and others, as may seem most favourable to the happiness of all. -Adam Smith': 1, 'Hanging is too good for a man who makes puns -- he should be drawn and quoted. -Fred Allen': 1, "Science is not about building a body of known 'facts'. It is a method for asking awkward questions and subjecting them to a reality-check, thus avoiding the human tendency to believe whatever makes us feel good. -Terry Pratchett": 1, 'I have one yardstick by which I test every major problem-and that yardstick is: Is it good for America? -Dwight Eisenhower': 1, 'If there is any principle of the Constitution that more imperatively calls for attachment than any other it is the principle of free thought, not free thought for those who agree with us but freedom for the thought that we hate. -Oliver Wendell Holmes': 3, 'Nothing separates the generations more than music. By the time a child is eight or nine, he has developed a passion for his own music that is even stronger than his passions for procrastination and weird clothes. -Bill Cosby': 2, 'There is nothing funny about Halloween. This sarcastic festival reflects, rather, an infernal demand for revenge by children on the adult world. -Jean Baudrillard': 1, 'Happiness makes up in height for what it lacks in length. -Robert Frost': 1, 'Returning violence for violence multiplies violence, adding deeper darkness to a night already devoid of stars. -Martin Luther King Jr.': 1, 'Man [has] always assumed that he was more intelligent than dolphins because he had achieved so much-the wheel, New York, wars and so on-while all the dolphins had ever done was muck about in the water having a good time. But conversely, the dolphins had always believed that they were far more intelligent than man-for precisely the same reason. -Douglas Adams': 1, "Speeches are for the younger men who are going places. And I'm not going anyplace except six feet under the floor of that little chapel adjoining the museum and library at Abilene. -Dwight Eisenhower": 1, 'Since love grows within you, so beauty grows. For love is the beauty of the soul. -Saint Augustine': 1, 'If men will not act for themselves, what will they do when the benefit of their effort is for all? -Elbert Hubbard': 2, 'Such is the delicacy of man alone, that no object is produced to his liking. He finds that in everything there is need for improvement. The whole industry of human life is employed not in procuring the supply of our three humble necessities, food, clothes and lodging, but in procuring the conveniences of it according to the nicety and delicacy of our tastes. -Adam Smith': 1, 'Christ died for men precisely because men are not worth dying for; to make them worth it. -C.S. Lewis': 2, 'Ask not what your country can do for you - ask what you can do for your country. -John F. Kennedy': 2, "We all wish to be judged by our peers, by the men 'after our own heart.' Only they really know our mind and only they judge it by standards we fully acknowledge. Theirs is the praise we really covet and the blame we really dread. The little pockets of early Chrstians survived because they cared exclusively for the love of 'the bretheren' and stopped their ears to the opinion of the Pagan society around them. But a circle of criminals, cranks, or perverts survives in just the same way; by becoming deaf to the opinion of the outer world, by discounting it as the chatter of outsiders who 'don't understand,' of the 'conventional,' the 'bourgeois,' the 'Establishment,' of prigs, prudes, and humbugs. -C.S. Lewis": 1, 'The worst thing that could happen to anybody, would be to not be used for anything by anybody. -Kurt Vonnegut': 1, 'I arrive at the end of this review having done my duty as a critic. I have described the movie accurately and you have a good idea what you are in for if you go to see it. Most of you will not. I cannot argue with you. Some of you will--the brave and the curious. You embody the spirit of the man who first wondered what it would taste like to eat an oyster. -Roger Ebert': 1, ".I had to face the horrible truth: The antitobacco people are lying. Smoking really is cool. And I'm less cool for not doing it. -Tucker Carlson": 1, 'I think and think for months and years, ninety-nine times, the conclusion is false. The hundredth time I am right. -Albert Einstein': 1, "I think a good gift for the president would be a chocolate revolver. And since he's so busy, you'd probably have to run up to him and hand it to him. -Jack Handey": 1, "There are some who've forgotten why we have a military. It's not to promote war; it's to be prepared for peace. -Ronald Reagan": 1, 'Politics is perhaps the only profession for which no preparation is thought necessary. -Robert Louis Stevenson': 1, 'The worst moment for the athieist is when he feels thankful and has no one to thank. -Dante Gabriel Rossetti': 1, 'What is the most important for democracy is not that great fortunes should not exist, but that great fortunes should not remain in the same hands. In that way there are rich men, but they do not form a class. -Alexis de Tocqueville': 1, 'Maturity is a bitter disappointment for which no remedy exists, unless laughter can be said to remedy anything. -Kurt Vonnegut': 1, "Don't ask God to change the laws of nature for you. -Nachman of Bratslav": 1, 'If my children wake up on Christmas morning and have someone to thank for putting candy in their stocking, have I no one to thank for putting two feet in mine? -GK Chesterton': 2, 'If you will not fight for the right when you can easily win without bloodshed; if you will not fight when your victory will be sure and not too costly; you may come to the moment when you will have to fight with all the odds against you and only a small chance of survival. There may even be a worse case: you may have to fight when there is no hope of victory, because it is better to perish than to live as slaves. -Winston Churchill': 1, "Life's most persistent and urgent question is, 'What are you doing for others?' -Martin Luther King Jr.": 1, 'It is most unwise for people in love to marry. -George Bernard Shaw': 1, 'It is astonishing what an effort it seems to be for many people to put their brains definitely and systematically to work. -Thomas Edison': 1, "Associate yourself with men of good quality if you esteem your own reputation; for 'tis better to be alone than in bad company. -George Washington": 1, 'No man but a blockhead ever wrote, except for money. -Samuel Johnson': 1, 'God does not give heed to the ambitiousness of our prayers, because he is always ready to give to us his light, not a visible light but an intellectual and spiritual one; but we are not always ready to receive it when we turn aside and down to other things out of a desire for temporal things. -Saint Augustine': 1, "Don't marry a man to reform him - that's what reform schools are for. -Mae West": 1, "It ain't what you don't know that gets you into trouble. It's what you know for sure that just ain't so. -Mark Twain": 1, 'The recipe for perpetual ignorance is: be satisfied with your opinions and content with your knowledge. -Elbert Hubbard': 1, 'My formula for success is rise early, work late, and strike oil. -Paul Getty': 1, 'Once you have flown, you will walk the earth with your eyes turned skywards, for there you have been, and there you long to return. -Leonardo da Vinci': 1, 'Alexander, Caesar, Charlemagne, and myself founded empires; but what foundation did we rest the creations of our genius? Upon force. Jesus Christ founded an empire upon love; and at this hour millions of men would die for Him. -Napoleon Bonaparte': 1, 'This will never be a civilized country until we expend more money for books than we do for chewing gum. -Elbert Hubbard': 2, "What I don't like about office Christmas parties is looking for a job the next day. -Phyllis Diller": 1, 'Washington is a Hollywood for ugly people. Hollywood is a Washington for the simpleminded. -John McCain': 2, 'He that would make his own liberty secure, must guard even his enemy from opposition; for if he violates this duty he establishes a precedent that will reach himself. -Thomas Paine': 1, 'Take time to deliberate, but when the time for action has arrived, stop thinking and go in. -Napoleon Bonaparte': 1, 'Rome remained free for four hundred years and Sparta eight hundred, although their citizens were armed all that time; but many other states that have been disarmed have lost their liberties in less than forty years. -Nicolo Machiavelli': 1, 'There is time for everything. -Thomas Edison': 1, "When this girl at the museum asked me who I liked better, Monet or Manet, I said, 'I like mayonnaise.' She just stared at me, so I said it again, louder. Then she left. I guess she went to try to find some mayonnaise for me. -Jack Handey": 1, 'For each illness that doctors cure with medicine, they provoke ten in healthy people by inoculating them with the virus that is a thousand times more powerful than any microbe: the idea that one is ill. -Marcel Proust': 1, 'For a time, at least, I was the most famous person in the entire world. -Jesse Owens': 1, "A mathematician is a blind man in a dark room looking for a black cat which isn't there. -Charles Robert": 1, 'The greatest happiness of life is the conviction that we are loved, loved for ourselves, or rather, loved in spite of ourselves. -Victor Hugo': 1, 'Let him who desires peace prepare for war. -Vegetius': 1, 'Three grand essentials to happiness in this life are something to do, something to love, and something to hope for. -Joseph Addison': 1} 
bottom {"The function of RAM is to give us guys a way of deciding whose computer has the biggest, studliest, most tumescent MEMORY. This is important, because with today's complex software, the more memory a computer has, the faster it can produce error messages. So the bottom line is, if you're a guy, you cannot have enough RAM. -Dave Barry": 1} 
purple {'He wrapped himself in quotations--as a beggar would enfold himself in the purple of Emperors. -Rudyard Kipling': 1} 
opposite {'He who is of calm and happy nature will hardly feel the pressure of age, but to him who is of an opposite disposition youth and age are equally a burden. -Plato': 1} 
fox {'It is the madness of folly, to expect mercy from those who have refused to do justice; and even mercy, where conquest is the object, is only a trick of war; the cunning of the fox is as murderous as the violence of the wolf. -Thomas Paine': 1, 'The sleeping fox catches no poultry. -Benjamin Franklin': 1} 
creative {'Every man must decide whether he will walk in the light of creative altruism or in the darkness of destructive selfishness. -Martin Luther King Jr.': 1} 
everything {"The only reason for time is so that everything doesn't happen at once. -Albert Einstein": 1, 'Everything except God has some natural superior; everything except unformed matter has some natural inferior. -C.S. Lewis': 2, 'Such is the delicacy of man alone, that no object is produced to his liking. He finds that in everything there is need for improvement. The whole industry of human life is employed not in procuring the supply of our three humble necessities, food, clothes and lodging, but in procuring the conveniences of it according to the nicety and delicacy of our tastes. -Adam Smith': 1, 'And what\x92s romance? Usually, a nice little tale where you have everything As You Like It, where rain never wets your jacket and gnats never bite your nose and it\x92s always daisy-time. -D.H. Lawrence': 1, 'Everything is simpler than you think and at the same time more complex than you imagine. -Johann Wolfgang von Goethe': 1, 'The mind of the thoroughly well-informed man is a dreadful thing. It is like a bric-\xe0-brac shop, all monsters and dust, with everything priced above its proper value. -Oscar Wilde': 1, "If everything seems under control, you're just not going fast enough. -Mario Andretti": 1, 'Everything that used to be a sin is now a disease. -Bill Maher': 1, 'Take everything you like seriously, except yourselves. -Rudyard Kipling': 1, 'Everything that irritates us about others can lead us to an understanding of ourselves. -Carl Jung': 1, 'Every woman knows all about everything. -Rudyard Kipling': 1, "If you wanna be free, you've gotta accept everything. -Jason Mechalek": 1, 'The public is wonderfully tolerant. It forgives everything except genius. -Oscar Wilde': 1, 'Money can help you to get medicines but not health. Money can help you to get soft pillows, but not sound sleep. Money can help you to get material comforts, but not eternal bliss. Money can help you to get ornaments, but not beauty. Money will help you to get an electric earphone, but not natural hearing. Attain the supreme wealth, wisdom, and you will have everything. -Benjamin Franklin': 1, 'There is time for everything. -Thomas Edison': 1, 'A man who desires to get married should know either everything or nothing. -Oscar Wilde': 1, 'Love yourself first and everything else falls into line. You really have to love yourself to get anything done in this world. -Lucille Ball': 1, 'I believe in Christianity as I believe that the sun has risen, not only because I see it, but because by it I see everything else. -C.S. Lewis': 1, 'The biggest bore is the person who is bored by everyone and everything. -Frank Tyger': 1} 
icy {"What is it that makes a complete stranger dive into an icy river to save a solid-gold baby? Maybe we'll never know. -Jack Handey": 1} 
asking {"Science is not about building a body of known 'facts'. It is a method for asking awkward questions and subjecting them to a reality-check, thus avoiding the human tendency to believe whatever makes us feel good. -Terry Pratchett": 1, 'Regarding the debate about faith and works: It\x92s like asking which blade in a pair of scissors is most important. -C.S. Lewis': 1} 
honoured {'I have been the artist with the longest career, and I am so proud and honoured to be chosen from heaven to be invincible. -Michael Jackson': 1} 
shakespeare {'If a man is called to be a streetsweeper, he should sweep streets even as Michelangelo painted, or Beethoven composed music, or Shakespeare wrote poetry. He should sweep streets so well that all the host of heaven and earth will pause to say, here lived a great streetsweeper who did his job well. -Martin Luther King Jr.': 1} 
denied {'A right delayed is a right denied. -Martin Luther King Jr.': 1} 
christmas {"What I don't like about office Christmas parties is looking for a job the next day. -Phyllis Diller": 1, 'I will honor Christmas in my heart, and try to keep it all the year. -Charles Dickens': 1, "A University of Chicago professor said the greatest day in the world was when a water puppy crawled out on land and decided to stay. The water puppy, he said, went on to become a man. If he proves that, I am willing to give up Christmas, Thanksgiving, and New Year's Day, and to celebrate Water Puppy Day. -William Jennings Bryan": 1, "There's nothing sadder in this world than to awake Christmas morning and not be a child. -Erna Bombeck": 1, "Christmas is a time when you get homesick, even when you're home. -Carol Nelson": 1, 'Christmas can be celebrated in the school room with pine trees, tinsel and reindeers, but there must be no mention of the man whose birthday is being celebrated. One wonders how a teacher would answer if a student asked why it was called Christmas. -Ronald Reagan': 2, 'Happy, happy Christmas, that can win us back to the delusions of our childhood days, recall to the old man the pleasures of his youth, and transport the traveler back to his own fireside and quiet home! -Charles Dickens': 1, 'If my children wake up on Christmas morning and have someone to thank for putting candy in their stocking, have I no one to thank for putting two feet in mine? -GK Chesterton': 1} 
theological {'To explain the unknown by the known is a logical procedure; to explain the known by the unknown is a form of theological lunacy. -David Brooks': 1} 
core {'Just as your hand, held before the eye, can hide the tallest mountain, so this small earthly life keeps us from seeing the vast radiance that fills the core of the universe. -Nachman of Bratslav': 1} 
bold {'It is better to be bold than too circumspect, because fortune is of a sex which likes not a tardy wooer and repulses all who are not ardent. -Nicolo Machiavelli': 1, 'Most modern freedom is at root fear. It is not so much that we are too bold to endure rules; it is rather that we are too timid to endure responsibilities. -GK Chesterton': 1} 
prairies {'When an American says that he loves his country, he means not only that he loves the New England hills, the prairies glistening in the sun, the wide and rising plains, the great mountains, and the sea. He means that he loves an inner air, an inner light in which freedom lives and in which a man can draw the breath of self-respect. -Adlai Stevenson': 1} 
marcel proust {'There are perhaps no days of our childhood we lived so fully as those we spent with a favorite book. -Marcel Proust': 1, 'As soon as one is unhappy one becomes moral. -Marcel Proust': 1, 'We are healed from suffering only by experiencing it to the full. -Marcel Proust': 1, 'The only paradise is paradise lost. -Marcel Proust': 1, 'For each illness that doctors cure with medicine, they provoke ten in healthy people by inoculating them with the virus that is a thousand times more powerful than any microbe: the idea that one is ill. -Marcel Proust': 1, 'A powerful idea communicates some of its strength to him who challenges it. -Marcel Proust': 1, 'It is always thus, impelled by a state of mind which is destined not to last, that we make our irrevocable decisions. -Marcel Proust': 1, 'Like many intellectuals, he was incapable of saying a simple thing in a simple way. -Marcel Proust': 1, 'The time which we have at our disposal every day is elastic; the passions we feel expand it, those that we inspire contract it, and habit fills up what remains. -Marcel Proust': 1} 
burn {'Life is no brief candle to me. It is a sort of splendid torch which I have got a hold of for the moment, and I want to make it burn as brightly as possible before handing it onto future generations. -George Bernard Shaw': 1} 
monsters {'The mind of the thoroughly well-informed man is a dreadful thing. It is like a bric-\xe0-brac shop, all monsters and dust, with everything priced above its proper value. -Oscar Wilde': 1, 'There are very few monsters who warrant the fear we have of them. -Andr\xe9 Gide': 1} 
shifting {'Fame is a fickle food upon a shifting plate. -Emily Dickinson': 1} 
graduated {"Thus far, the reputed idiot Bush has graduated from Yale and Harvard, made a stack of cash in the oil industry, become the first consecutive-term governor of Texas, defeated a dual-term VP for the presidency, and led his party to [November 5th's] extraordinary triumphs. Let his opponents keep calling him stupid; if they do, within five years Bush will be King of England, the Pope, and world Formula One motor racing champion. -Tim Blair": 1} 
athieist {'The worst moment for the athieist is when he feels thankful and has no one to thank. -Dante Gabriel Rossetti': 1} 
impenetrable {'To know what is impenetrable to us really exists, manifesting itself as the highest wisdom and the most radiant beauty...this knowledge, this feeling is at the center of true religiousness. -Albert Einstein': 1, 'Love anything and your heart will be wrung and possibly broken. If you want to make sure of keeping it intact you must give it to no one, not even an animal. Wrap it carefully round with hobbies and little luxuries; avoid all entanglements. Lock it up safe in the casket or coffin of your selfishness. But in that casket, safe, dark, motionless, airless, it will change. It will not be broken; it will become unbreakable, impenetrable, irredeemable. To love is to be vulnerable. -C.S. Lewis': 1} 
conceal {"Don't join the book burners. Do not think you are going to conceal thoughts by concealing evidence that they ever existed. -Dwight Eisenhower": 1} 
theirs {"We all wish to be judged by our peers, by the men 'after our own heart.' Only they really know our mind and only they judge it by standards we fully acknowledge. Theirs is the praise we really covet and the blame we really dread. The little pockets of early Chrstians survived because they cared exclusively for the love of 'the bretheren' and stopped their ears to the opinion of the Pagan society around them. But a circle of criminals, cranks, or perverts survives in just the same way; by becoming deaf to the opinion of the outer world, by discounting it as the chatter of outsiders who 'don't understand,' of the 'conventional,' the 'bourgeois,' the 'Establishment,' of prigs, prudes, and humbugs. -C.S. Lewis": 1} 
citizens {'The health of a democratic society may be measured by the quality of functions performed by private citizens. -Alexis de Tocqueville': 1, 'Rome remained free for four hundred years and Sparta eight hundred, although their citizens were armed all that time; but many other states that have been disarmed have lost their liberties in less than forty years. -Nicolo Machiavelli': 1} 
delos mckown {'The invisible and the non-existent look very much alike. -Delos McKown': 1} 
despair {'This does not mean that the enemy is to be allowed to escape. The object is to make him believe that there is a road to safety, and thus prevent his fighting with the courage of despair. After that, you may crush him. -Sun Tzu': 1} 
plus {'On the plus side, death is one of the few things that can be done just as easily lying down. -Woody Allen': 1, "I'm a middle age white guy, which means I'm constantly reminded that my particular group is responsible for the oppression of every known minority PLUS most wars PLUS government corruption PLUS pollution of the environment, not to mention that it was middle-age white guys who killed Bambi's mom. -Dave Barry": 3} 
afternoon {"How did it get so late so soon? It's night before it's afternoon. December is here before it's June. My goodness how the time has flewn. How did it get so late so soon? -Theodor Seuss Geisel": 1} 
improvement {'Such is the delicacy of man alone, that no object is produced to his liking. He finds that in everything there is need for improvement. The whole industry of human life is employed not in procuring the supply of our three humble necessities, food, clothes and lodging, but in procuring the conveniences of it according to the nicety and delicacy of our tastes. -Adam Smith': 1} 
efforts {'Fanaticism consists of redoubling your efforts when you have forgotten your aim. -George Santayana': 1} 
match {"If you're in a boxing match, try not to let the other guy's glove touch your lips, because you don't know where that glove has been. -Jack Handey": 1} 
nerve {"In every man's heart there is a secret nerve that answers to the vibrations of beauty. -Christopher Morley": 1} 
primitive {'Cooking was invented in prehistoric times, when a primitive tribe had a lucky accident. The tribe had killed an animal and was going to eat it raw, when a tribe member named Woog tripped and dropped it into the fire. At first the other tribe members were angry at Woog, but then, as the aroma of burning meat filled the air, they had an idea. So they ate Woog raw. -Dave Barry': 1} 
destination {'Remember that happiness is a way of travel, not a destination. -Roy Goodman': 1} 
statements {'The Bible is not my book, and Christianity is not my religion. I could never give assent to the long, complicated statements of Christian dogma. -Abraham Lincoln': 1, "Those who are preoccupied with 'making a statement' usually don't have any statements worth making. -Thomas Sowell": 1} 
vegetius {'Let him who desires peace prepare for war. -Vegetius': 1} 
presence {'Your children need your presence more than your presents. -Jesse Jackson': 1} 
civil {'As Mankind becomes more liberal, they will be more apt to allow that all those who conduct themselves as worthy members of the community are equally entitled to the protections of civil government. I hope ever to see America among the foremost nations of justice and liberality. -George Washington': 1} 
material {'Money can help you to get medicines but not health. Money can help you to get soft pillows, but not sound sleep. Money can help you to get material comforts, but not eternal bliss. Money can help you to get ornaments, but not beauty. Money will help you to get an electric earphone, but not natural hearing. Attain the supreme wealth, wisdom, and you will have everything. -Benjamin Franklin': 1} 
profession {'I feel impelled to speak today in a language that in a sense is new-one which I, who have spent so much of my life in the military profession, would have preferred never to use. That new language is the language of atomic warfare. -Dwight Eisenhower': 1, 'Politics is perhaps the only profession for which no preparation is thought necessary. -Robert Louis Stevenson': 1} 
bound {'Serious sport has nothing to do with fair play. It is bound up with hatred, jealousy, boastfulness, disregard of all rules and sadistic pleasure in witnessing violence. In other words: it is war minus the shooting. -George Orwell': 1} 
intellectual {'God does not give heed to the ambitiousness of our prayers, because he is always ready to give to us his light, not a visible light but an intellectual and spiritual one; but we are not always ready to receive it when we turn aside and down to other things out of a desire for temporal things. -Saint Augustine': 1} 
son {'You are young, my son, and, as the years go by, time will change and even reverse many of your present opinions. Refrain therefore awhile from setting yourself up as a judge of the highest matters. -Plato': 1} 
down {'On the plus side, death is one of the few things that can be done just as easily lying down. -Woody Allen': 1, 'No sooner do we depart from sense and instinct to follow reason but we are insensibly drawn into uncouth paradoxes, difficulties, and inconsistencies, which multiply and grow upon us as we advance in speculation; till at length, having wandered through many intricate mazes, we find ourselves just where we were, or, which is worse, sit down in a forlorn scepticism. -George Berkeley': 1, 'If you see ten troubles coming down the road, you can be sure that nine will run into the ditch before they reach you. -Calvin Coolidge': 1, "All I want out of life, is that when I walk down the street folks will say, 'There goes the greatest hitter that ever lived.' -Ted Williams": 1, 'Through pride we are ever deceiving ourselves. But deep down below the surface of the average conscience a still, small voice says to us, something is out of tune. -Carl Jung': 1, "Happiness is so hard to define and foolish to define. Am I acting? That's the worst thing you can ask yourself. You can be happy suddenly. It can spring on you, not when you reach a plateau. You can be happy going backward or going down. You can be happy at the loss of something. -Steve Martin": 1, "Don't ever take a fence down until you know why it was put up. -Robert Frost": 1, 'My aim is to put down on paper what I see and what I feel in the best and simplest way. -Ernest Hemingway': 1, 'Dogs look up to you. Cats look down on you. Pigs treat you like equals. -Winston Churchill': 1, 'Four-fifths of all our troubles would disappear, if we would only sit down and keep still. -Calvin Coolidge': 1, 'It is only our bad temper that we put down to being tired or worried or hungry; we put our good temper down to ourselves. -C.S. Lewis': 2, 'God does not give heed to the ambitiousness of our prayers, because he is always ready to give to us his light, not a visible light but an intellectual and spiritual one; but we are not always ready to receive it when we turn aside and down to other things out of a desire for temporal things. -Saint Augustine': 1} 
lies {'The art of being happy lies in the power of extracting happiness from common things. -Henry Ward Beecher': 1, 'Satisfaction lies in the effort, not in the attainment. Full effort is full victory. -Mahatma Gandhi': 1, 'Of all lies, art is the least untrue. -Gustave Flaubert': 1, 'The truth is always a trick to those who live among lies. -Author Unknown': 1, 'In framing a government which is to be administered by men over men the great difficulty lies in this: You must first enable the government to control the governed, and in the next place, oblige it to control itself. -Alexander Hamilton': 1, 'Of all the animals, man is the only one that lies. -Mark Twain': 1} 
beings {'Egalitarians create the most dangerous inequality of all -- inequality of power. Allowing politicians to determine what all other human beings will be allowed to earn is one of the most reckless gambles imaginable. Like the income tax, it may start off being applied only to the rich but it will inevitably reach us all. -Thomas Sowell': 1} 
accomplishments {'Perhaps one of the most important accomplishments of my administration has been minding my own business. -Calvin Coolidge': 1} 
doctrine {'Under the doctrine of the separation of powers, the manner in which the president personally exercises his assigned executive powers is not subject to questioning by another branch of government. -Richard Nixon': 1, 'The older I grow the more I distrust the familiar doctrine that age brings wisdom. -Henry Mencken': 1} 
wrap {'Love anything and your heart will be wrung and possibly broken. If you want to make sure of keeping it intact you must give it to no one, not even an animal. Wrap it carefully round with hobbies and little luxuries; avoid all entanglements. Lock it up safe in the casket or coffin of your selfishness. But in that casket, safe, dark, motionless, airless, it will change. It will not be broken; it will become unbreakable, impenetrable, irredeemable. To love is to be vulnerable. -C.S. Lewis': 1} 
old {"One thing they never tell you about child raising is that for the rest of your life, at the drop of a hat, you are expected to know your child's name and how old he or she is. -Erna Bombeck": 1, 'You are never too old to set another goal or to dream a new dream. -C.S. Lewis': 1, 'A truly great book should be read in youth, again in maturity and once more in old age, as a fine building should be seen by morning light, at noon and by moonlight. -Robertson Davies': 1, 'It must be remembered that there is nothing more difficult to plan, more doubtful of success nor more dangerous to manage than the creation of a new system. For the initiator has the enmity of all who profit by the preservation of the old institution and merely lukewarm defenders in those who would gain by the new one. -Nicolo Machiavelli': 1, 'The surface of American society is covered with a layer of democratic paint, but from time to time one can see the old aristocratic colours breaking through. -Alexis de Tocqueville': 1, "You can't teach an old dogma new tricks. -Dorothy Parker": 1, 'Old age is fifteen years older than I am. -Oliver Wendell Holmes': 1, 'Bashfulness is an ornament to youth, but a reproach to old age. -Aristotle': 1, 'It is one of the blessings of old friends that you can afford to be stupid with them. -Ralph Waldo Emerson': 1, 'Back in the old days, most families were close-knit. Grown children and their parents continued to live together, under the same roof, sometimes in the same small, crowded room, year in and year out, until they died, frequently by strangulation. -Dave Barry': 1, "Having someone wonder where you are when you don't come home at night is a very old human need. -Margaret Mead": 1, "You know you're getting old when the candles cost more than the cake. -Bob Hope": 1, "I'd rather hear an old truth than a new lie. -Chris Bowyer": 1, "It's not how old you are, it's how hard you work at it. -Jonah Barrington": 1, "Life's Tragedy is that we get old to soon and wise too late. -Benjamin Franklin": 1, 'A mind that is stretched by a new experience can never go back to its old dimensions. -Oliver Wendell Holmes': 1, 'Happy, happy Christmas, that can win us back to the delusions of our childhood days, recall to the old man the pleasures of his youth, and transport the traveler back to his own fireside and quiet home! -Charles Dickens': 1} 
pyschic {'I almost had a pyschic girlfriend, but she left me before we met. -Steven Wright': 1} 
existed {"Don't join the book burners. Do not think you are going to conceal thoughts by concealing evidence that they ever existed. -Dwight Eisenhower": 1} 
rely {"Money never made a man happy yet, nor will it. There is nothing in its nature to produce happiness. The more a man has, the more he wants. Instead of its filling a vacuum, it makes one. If it satisfies one want, it doubles and trebles that want another way. That was a true proverb of the wise man, rely upon it; ''Better is little with the fear of the Lord, than great treasure, and trouble therewith. -Benjamin Franklin": 1} 
deal {'There is a great deal of difference between an eager man who wants to read a book and the tired man who wants a book to read. -GK Chesterton': 1, 'A great deal of intelligence can be invested in ignorance when the need for illusion is deep. -Saul Bellow': 1} 
support {'It has been said that man is a rational animal. All my life I have been searching for evidence which could support this. -Bertrand Russell': 1, 'It is error alone which needs the support of government. Truth can stand by itself. -Thomas Jefferson': 1, 'A government which robs Peter to pay Paul can always depend on the support of Paul. -George Bernard Shaw': 1, "Life is not a support system for art. It's the other way around. -Stephen King": 1} 
flying {'I love deadlines. I especially like the whooshing sound they make as they go flying by. -Douglas Adams': 1, "Is there anything more beautiful than a beautiful, beautiful flamingo, flying across in front of a beautiful sunset? And he's carrying a beautiful rose in his beak, and also he's carrying a very beautiful painting with his feet. And also, you're drunk. -Jack Handey": 1, "The movie's director is the pilot. It's his vision. For an actor, the time to worry about flying is when you're on the ground. If you don't want to fly with the director, don't get on the plane. -Denzel Washington": 1} 
jealousy {'Serious sport has nothing to do with fair play. It is bound up with hatred, jealousy, boastfulness, disregard of all rules and sadistic pleasure in witnessing violence. In other words: it is war minus the shooting. -George Orwell': 1, 'Moral indignation is jealousy with a halo. -H.G. Wells': 1} 
transform {'There are painters who transform the sun to a yellow spot, but there are others who with the help of their art and their intelligence, transform a yellow spot into the sun. -Pablo Picasso': 2} 
fight {'All men are timid on entering any fight. Whether it is the first or the last fight, all of us are timid. Cowards are those who let their timidity get the better of their manhood. -George Patton': 2, 'It is always more difficult to fight against faith than against knowledge. -Adolf Hitler': 1, 'If you will not fight for the right when you can easily win without bloodshed; if you will not fight when your victory will be sure and not too costly; you may come to the moment when you will have to fight with all the odds against you and only a small chance of survival. There may even be a worse case: you may have to fight when there is no hope of victory, because it is better to perish than to live as slaves. -Winston Churchill': 4, 'No matter how much cats fight, there always seem to be plenty of kittens. -Abraham Lincoln': 1, 'He that fights and runs away, may turn and fight another day; but he that is in battle slain, will never rise to fight again. -Tacitus': 2} 
virgin {'To assert that the earth revolves around the sun is as erroneous as to claim that Jesus was not born of a virgin. -Cardinal Bellarmine': 1} 
quiet {'There is one thing alone that stands the brunt of life throughout its course: a quiet conscience. -Euripides': 1, 'If we will be quiet and ready enough, we shall find compensation in every disappointment. -Henry Thoreau': 1, "Parents are not interested in justice, they're interested in peace and quiet. -Bill Cosby": 1, 'Happy, happy Christmas, that can win us back to the delusions of our childhood days, recall to the old man the pleasures of his youth, and transport the traveler back to his own fireside and quiet home! -Charles Dickens': 1} 
physicists {'When I took office, only high energy physicists had ever heard of what is called the Worldwide Web....now even my cat has its own page. -Bill Clinton': 1} 
way {'Freedom is the right to question and change the established way of doing things. It is the continuous revolution of the marketplace. It is the understanding that allows us to recognize shortcomings and seek solutions. -Ronald Reagan': 1, "To me, it's always a good idea to always carry two sacks of something when you walk around. That way, if anybody says, 'Hey, can you give me a hand?,' you can say, 'Sorry, got these sacks.' -Jack Handey": 1, 'The best way to win an argument is to begin by being right. -Jill Ruckleshaus': 1, 'My aim is to put down on paper what I see and what I feel in the best and simplest way. -Ernest Hemingway': 1, "You should do your own car repairs. It's an easy way to save money and possibly maim yourself for life. -Dave Barry": 1, "Anybody can become angry - that is easy, but to be angry with the right person and to the right degree and at the right time and for the right purpose, and in the right way - that is not within everybody's power and is not easy. -Aristotle": 1, 'Deliberation and debate is the way you stir the soul of our democracy. -Jesse Jackson': 1, "Money never made a man happy yet, nor will it. There is nothing in its nature to produce happiness. The more a man has, the more he wants. Instead of its filling a vacuum, it makes one. If it satisfies one want, it doubles and trebles that want another way. That was a true proverb of the wise man, rely upon it; ''Better is little with the fear of the Lord, than great treasure, and trouble therewith. -Benjamin Franklin": 1, 'Like many intellectuals, he was incapable of saying a simple thing in a simple way. -Marcel Proust': 1, 'People have a way of becoming what you encourage them to be, not what you nag them to be. -Author Unknown': 1, 'That is the true season of love, when we believe that we alone can love, that no one could ever have loved so before us, and that no one will love in the same way after us. -Johann Wolfgang von Goethe': 1, "Cocaine is God's way of telling someone that they're too rich. -Robin Williams": 1, "The function of RAM is to give us guys a way of deciding whose computer has the biggest, studliest, most tumescent MEMORY. This is important, because with today's complex software, the more memory a computer has, the faster it can produce error messages. So the bottom line is, if you're a guy, you cannot have enough RAM. -Dave Barry": 1, 'Let the river roll which way it will, cities will rise on its banks. -Ralph Waldo Emerson': 1, 'A few hours of mountain climbing turn a villain and a saint into two rather equal creature. Exhaustion is the shortest way to equality and fraternity, and liberty is added eventually by sleep. -Friedrich Nietzsche': 1, "The only way to keep your health is to eat what you don't want, drink what you don't like, and do what you'd rather not. -Mark Twain": 1, "We all wish to be judged by our peers, by the men 'after our own heart.' Only they really know our mind and only they judge it by standards we fully acknowledge. Theirs is the praise we really covet and the blame we really dread. The little pockets of early Chrstians survived because they cared exclusively for the love of 'the bretheren' and stopped their ears to the opinion of the Pagan society around them. But a circle of criminals, cranks, or perverts survives in just the same way; by becoming deaf to the opinion of the outer world, by discounting it as the chatter of outsiders who 'don't understand,' of the 'conventional,' the 'bourgeois,' the 'Establishment,' of prigs, prudes, and humbugs. -C.S. Lewis": 1, 'Painting is just another way of keeping a diary. -Pablo Picasso': 1, 'What is the most important for democracy is not that great fortunes should not exist, but that great fortunes should not remain in the same hands. In that way there are rich men, but they do not form a class. -Alexis de Tocqueville': 1, "Life is not a support system for art. It's the other way around. -Stephen King": 1, "The days of looking the other way while despotic regimes trample human rights, rob their nations' wealth, and then excuse their failings by feeding their people a steady diet of anti-Western hatred are over. -Dick Cheney": 1, 'Remember that happiness is a way of travel, not a destination. -Roy Goodman': 1, 'The surest way of spoiling a pleasure is to start examining your satisfaction. -C.S. Lewis': 1} 
greatness {'The price of greatness is responsibility. -Winston Churchill': 1, 'The greatness of our country has been based on our thinking that everyone has a right even to be wrong. -Ronald Reagan': 1} 
call {'Call on God, but row away from the rocks. -Hunter S. Thompson': 1, 'She was what we used to call a suicide blond - dyed by her own hand. -Saul Bellow': 1, 'If society fits you comfortably enough, you call it freedom. -Robert Frost': 1, "When they call the roll in the Senate, the Senators do not know whether to answer 'Present' or 'Not guilty.' -Theodore Roosevelt": 1} 
was {'Imagination is a quality given a man to compensate him for what he is not, and a sense of humor was provided to console him for what he is. -Oscar Wilde': 1, "A University of Chicago professor said the greatest day in the world was when a water puppy crawled out on land and decided to stay. The water puppy, he said, went on to become a man. If he proves that, I am willing to give up Christmas, Thanksgiving, and New Year's Day, and to celebrate Water Puppy Day. -William Jennings Bryan": 1, 'I was angry with my friend I told my wrath, my wrath did end. I was angry with my foe: I told it not, my wrath did grow. -William Blake': 2, 'Man was made for action, and to promote by the exertion of his faculties such changes in the external circumstances both of himself and others, as may seem most favourable to the happiness of all. -Adam Smith': 1, 'It is a grand mistake to think of being great without goodness and I pronounce it as certain that there was never a truly great man that was not at the same time truly virtuous. -Benjamin Franklin': 2, 'Feminism was established to allow unattractive women easier access to the mainstream. -Rush Limbaugh': 1, 'My most brilliant achievement was my ability to be able to persuade my wife to marry me. -Winston Churchill': 1, 'How did it happen that their lips came together? How does it happen that birds sing, that snow melts, that the rose unfolds, that the dawn whitens behind the stark shapes of trees on the quivering summit of the hill? A kiss, and all was said. -Victor Hugo': 1, "I told my psychiatrist that everyone hates me. He said I was being ridiculous - everyone hasn't met me yet. -Rodney Dangerfield": 1, "I'm the type who'd be happy not going anywhere as long as I was sure I knew exactly what was happening at the places I wasn't going to. I'm the type who'd like to sit home and watch every party that I'm invited to on a monitor in my bedroom. -Andy Warhol": 2, 'Man [has] always assumed that he was more intelligent than dolphins because he had achieved so much-the wheel, New York, wars and so on-while all the dolphins had ever done was muck about in the water having a good time. But conversely, the dolphins had always believed that they were far more intelligent than man-for precisely the same reason. -Douglas Adams': 2, 'In the beginning, the universe was created. This made a lot of people very angry, and has been widely regarded as a bad idea. -Douglas Adams': 1, "Money never made a man happy yet, nor will it. There is nothing in its nature to produce happiness. The more a man has, the more he wants. Instead of its filling a vacuum, it makes one. If it satisfies one want, it doubles and trebles that want another way. That was a true proverb of the wise man, rely upon it; ''Better is little with the fear of the Lord, than great treasure, and trouble therewith. -Benjamin Franklin": 1, 'Without question, the greatest invention in the history of mankind is beer. Oh, I grant you that the wheel was also a fine invention, but the wheel does not go nearly as well with pizza. -Dave Barry': 1, 'Like many intellectuals, he was incapable of saying a simple thing in a simple way. -Marcel Proust': 1, 'I never knew what real happiness was until I got married, and by then it was too late. -Max Kaufman': 2, "Don't go around saying the world owes you a living. The world owes you nothing. It was here first. -Mark Twain": 1, 'This country was built on rape, slavery, murder, degradation and affiliation with crime. -Mike Tyson': 1, "We seem to be going through a period of nostalgia, and everyone seems to think yesterday was better than today. I don't think it was, and I would advise you not to wait ten years before admitting today was great. If you're hung up on nostalgia, pretend today is yesterday and just go out and have one hell of a time. -Art Buchwald": 3, "I'm a middle age white guy, which means I'm constantly reminded that my particular group is responsible for the oppression of every known minority PLUS most wars PLUS government corruption PLUS pollution of the environment, not to mention that it was middle-age white guys who killed Bambi's mom. -Dave Barry": 1, "You give me a credit to which I have no claim in calling me 'the writer of the Constitution of the United States.' This was not, like the fabled Goddess of Wisdom, the offspring of a single brain. It ought to be regarded as the work of many heads and many hands. -James Madison": 1, "When we got into office, the thing that surprised me the most was that things were as bad as we'd been saying they were. -John F. Kennedy": 1, 'To assert that the earth revolves around the sun is as erroneous as to claim that Jesus was not born of a virgin. -Cardinal Bellarmine': 1, "Don't ever take a fence down until you know why it was put up. -Robert Frost": 1, 'When nothing seems to help, I go and look at a stonecutter hammering away at his rock perhaps a hundred times without as much as a crack showing in it. Yet at the hundred and first blow it will split in two, and I know it was not that blow that did it, but all that had gone before. -Jacob August Riis': 1, 'For a time, at least, I was the most famous person in the entire world. -Jesse Owens': 1, 'The ACLU is always yakking about the Constitution, and most of us are getting mighty tired of it. I mean, if the Constitution is so great, how come it was amended so many times? Huh? -Dave Barry': 1, 'Nietzsche was stupid and abnormal. -Leo Tolstoy': 1, 'Christmas can be celebrated in the school room with pine trees, tinsel and reindeers, but there must be no mention of the man whose birthday is being celebrated. One wonders how a teacher would answer if a student asked why it was called Christmas. -Ronald Reagan': 1, 'Plato was a bore. -Friedrich Nietzsche': 1, 'Cooking was invented in prehistoric times, when a primitive tribe had a lucky accident. The tribe had killed an animal and was going to eat it raw, when a tribe member named Woog tripped and dropped it into the fire. At first the other tribe members were angry at Woog, but then, as the aroma of burning meat filled the air, they had an idea. So they ate Woog raw. -Dave Barry': 2, 'She was what we used to call a suicide blond - dyed by her own hand. -Saul Bellow': 1, 'What is now proved was once only imagined. -William Blake': 1} 
war {'Serious sport has nothing to do with fair play. It is bound up with hatred, jealousy, boastfulness, disregard of all rules and sadistic pleasure in witnessing violence. In other words: it is war minus the shooting. -George Orwell': 1, 'Let him who desires peace prepare for war. -Vegetius': 1, "There are some who've forgotten why we have a military. It's not to promote war; it's to be prepared for peace. -Ronald Reagan": 1, 'Of course the people dont want war...that is understood. But voice or no voice, the people can always be brought to the bidding of the leaders. That is easy. All you have to do is tell them they are being attacked, and denounce the pacifists for lack of patriotism and exposing the country to danger. It works the same in any country. -Hermann Goering': 1, 'War - an act of violence whose object is to constrain the enemy, to accomplish our will. -George Washington': 1, 'Demoralize the enemy from within by surprise, terror, sabotage, assassination. This is the war of the future. -Adolf Hitler': 1, 'To be prepared for war is one of the most effectual means of preserving peace. -George Washington': 1, 'Some of your countrymen were unable to distinguish between their native dislike for war and the stainless patriotism of those who suffered its scars. But there has been a rethinking and now we can say to you, and say as a nation, thank you for your courage. -Ronald Reagan': 1, 'It is the madness of folly, to expect mercy from those who have refused to do justice; and even mercy, where conquest is the object, is only a trick of war; the cunning of the fox is as murderous as the violence of the wolf. -Thomas Paine': 1, 'The object of war is not to die for your country but to make the other bastard die for his. -George Patton': 1, 'I hate war as only a soldier who has lived it can, only as one who has seen its brutality, its futility, its stupidity. -Dwight Eisenhower': 1} 
cloth {'America is not like a blanket: one piece of unbroken cloth, the same color, the same texture, the same size. America is more like a quilt: many patches, many pieces, many colors, many sizes, all woven and held together by a common thread. -Jesse Jackson': 1} 
happy {'The art of being happy lies in the power of extracting happiness from common things. -Henry Ward Beecher': 1, 'Indeed, man wishes to be happy even when he so lives as to make happiness impossible. -Saint Augustine': 1, "Happiness is so hard to define and foolish to define. Am I acting? That's the worst thing you can ask yourself. You can be happy suddenly. It can spring on you, not when you reach a plateau. You can be happy going backward or going down. You can be happy at the loss of something. -Steve Martin": 3, "Money never made a man happy yet, nor will it. There is nothing in its nature to produce happiness. The more a man has, the more he wants. Instead of its filling a vacuum, it makes one. If it satisfies one want, it doubles and trebles that want another way. That was a true proverb of the wise man, rely upon it; ''Better is little with the fear of the Lord, than great treasure, and trouble therewith. -Benjamin Franklin": 1, "My life has no purpose, no direction, no aim, no meaning, and yet I'm happy. I can't figure it out. What am I doing right? -Charles Schulz": 1, 'Many who seem to be struggling with adversity are happy; many, amid great affluence, are utterly miserable. -Tacitus': 1, "Never continue in a job you don't enjoy. If you're happy in what you're doing, you'll like yourself, you'll have inner peace. And if you have that, along with physical health, you will have had more success than you could possibly have imagined. -Johnny Carson": 1, "I'm the type who'd be happy not going anywhere as long as I was sure I knew exactly what was happening at the places I wasn't going to. I'm the type who'd like to sit home and watch every party that I'm invited to on a monitor in my bedroom. -Andy Warhol": 1, 'He who is of calm and happy nature will hardly feel the pressure of age, but to him who is of an opposite disposition youth and age are equally a burden. -Plato': 1, 'Happy, happy Christmas, that can win us back to the delusions of our childhood days, recall to the old man the pleasures of his youth, and transport the traveler back to his own fireside and quiet home! -Charles Dickens': 2} 
dan quayle {'If Al Gore invented the Internet, I invented spell check. -Dan Quayle': 1} 
starve {'Democratic nations must try to find ways to starve the terrorist and the hijacker of the oxygen of publicity on which they depend. -Margaret Thatcher': 1} 
head {"You do not lead by hitting people over the head \x97 that's assault, not leadership. -Dwight Eisenhower": 1, 'If I feel physically as if the top of my head were taken off, I know that is poetry. -Emily Dickinson': 1} 
medium {'Those who forget good and evil and seek only to know the facts are more likely to achieve good than those who view the world through the distorting medium of their own desires. -Bertrand Russell': 1, 'Television is a medium of entertainment which permits millions of people to listen to the same joke at the same time, and yet remain lonesome. -T.S. Eliot': 1} 
dogmatism {'In any fairly large and talkative community such as a university there is always the danger that those who think alike should gravitate together where they will henceforth encounter opposition only in the emasculated form of rumour that the outsiders say thus and thus. The absent are easily refuted, complacent dogmatism thrives, and differences of opinion are embittered by the group hostility. Each group hears not the best, but the worst, that the other group can say. -C.S. Lewis': 1} 
form {'In any fairly large and talkative community such as a university there is always the danger that those who think alike should gravitate together where they will henceforth encounter opposition only in the emasculated form of rumour that the outsiders say thus and thus. The absent are easily refuted, complacent dogmatism thrives, and differences of opinion are embittered by the group hostility. Each group hears not the best, but the worst, that the other group can say. -C.S. Lewis': 1, "I think computer viruses should count as life. I think it says something about human nature that the only form of life we have created so far is purely destructive. We've created life in our own image. -Stephen Hawking": 1, "The statistics on sanity are that one out of every four Americans are suffering from some form of mental illness. Think of your three best friends. If they're okay, then it's you. -Rita Mae Brown": 1, 'What is the most important for democracy is not that great fortunes should not exist, but that great fortunes should not remain in the same hands. In that way there are rich men, but they do not form a class. -Alexis de Tocqueville': 1, 'Karate is a form of marital arts in which people who have had years and years of training can, using only their hands and feet, make some of the worst movies in the history of the world. -Dave Barry': 1, 'To explain the unknown by the known is a logical procedure; to explain the known by the unknown is a form of theological lunacy. -David Brooks': 1, 'I like television. I still believe that television is the most powerful form of communication on Earth -- I just hate what is being done with it. -Alton Brown': 1} 
diligence {'Diligence is the mother of good luck. -Benjamin Franklin': 1} 
becoming {'People have a way of becoming what you encourage them to be, not what you nag them to be. -Author Unknown': 1, 'To be what we are, and to become what we are capable of becoming, is the only end of life. -Robert Louis Stevenson': 1, "We all wish to be judged by our peers, by the men 'after our own heart.' Only they really know our mind and only they judge it by standards we fully acknowledge. Theirs is the praise we really covet and the blame we really dread. The little pockets of early Chrstians survived because they cared exclusively for the love of 'the bretheren' and stopped their ears to the opinion of the Pagan society around them. But a circle of criminals, cranks, or perverts survives in just the same way; by becoming deaf to the opinion of the outer world, by discounting it as the chatter of outsiders who 'don't understand,' of the 'conventional,' the 'bourgeois,' the 'Establishment,' of prigs, prudes, and humbugs. -C.S. Lewis": 1} 
differences {'In any fairly large and talkative community such as a university there is always the danger that those who think alike should gravitate together where they will henceforth encounter opposition only in the emasculated form of rumour that the outsiders say thus and thus. The absent are easily refuted, complacent dogmatism thrives, and differences of opinion are embittered by the group hostility. Each group hears not the best, but the worst, that the other group can say. -C.S. Lewis': 1, 'It is the dissimilarities and inequalities among men which give rise to the notion of honor; as such differences become less, it grows feeble; and when they disappear, it will vanish too. -Alexis de Tocqueville': 1, 'One of the striking differences between a cat and a lie is that a cat has only nine lives. -Mark Twain': 1} 
discourage {'Never discourage anyone who continually makes progress, no matter how slow. -Plato': 1} 
failure {'There are no secrets to success. It is the result of preparation, hard work, and learning from failure. -Colin Powell': 1, 'To defend Western Europe we have to let the Pentagon buy all these tanks and guns and things, and the Pentagon is unable to buy any object that that costs less than a condominium in Vail. If the Pentagon needs, say, fruit, it will argue that it must have fruit that can withstand the rigors of combat conditions, and it will wind up purchasing the FX-700 Seedless Tactical Grape, which will cost $160,000 per bunch, and will have an 83 percent failure rate. -Dave Barry': 1, 'Success is going from failure to failure without losing enthusiasm. -Winston Churchill': 2, 'I honestly think it is better to be a failure at something you love than to be a success at something you hate. -George Burns': 1, 'Failure is success if we learn from it. -Malcolm Forbes': 1, 'Show me a thoroughly satisfied man and I will show you a failure. -Thomas Edison': 1} 
hear {'Originality is the fine art of remembering what you hear but forgetting where you heard it. -Laurence Peter': 1, 'What you do speaks so loudly that I cannot hear what you say. -Ralph Waldo Emerson': 1, "The most exciting phrase to hear in science, the one that heralds new discoveries, is not 'Eureka!' (I found it!) but 'That's funny...' -Isaac Asimov": 1, "I'd rather hear an old truth than a new lie. -Chris Bowyer": 1} 
heap {'If all our misfortunes were laid in one common heap, whence everyone must take an equal portion, most people would be content to take their own and depart. -Socrates': 1} 
alliance {'Marriage is the alliance of two people, one of whom never remembers birthdays and the other who never forgets. -Ogden Nash': 1} 
surrender {'The cost of freedom is always high, but Americans have always paid it. And one path we shall never choose, and that is the path of surrender, or submission. -John F. Kennedy': 1} 
true {'It still remains true that no justification of virtue will enable a man to be virtuous. -C.S. Lewis': 1, 'To know what is impenetrable to us really exists, manifesting itself as the highest wisdom and the most radiant beauty...this knowledge, this feeling is at the center of true religiousness. -Albert Einstein': 1, 'True patriotism hates injustice in its own land more than anywhere else. -Clarence Darrow': 1, "I don't care what is written about me, so long as it isn't true. -Dorothy Parker": 1, 'Being is desirable because it is identical with Beauty, and Beauty is loved because it is Being. We ourselves possess Beauty when we are true to our own being; ugliness is in going over to another order; knowing ourselves, we are beautiful; in self-ignorance, we are ugly. -Ambrose Bierce': 1, "There cannot be true democracy unless women's voices are heard. -Hillary Clinton": 1, 'True wisdom comes to each of us when we realize how little we understand about life, ourselves, and the world around us. -Socrates': 1, "Money never made a man happy yet, nor will it. There is nothing in its nature to produce happiness. The more a man has, the more he wants. Instead of its filling a vacuum, it makes one. If it satisfies one want, it doubles and trebles that want another way. That was a true proverb of the wise man, rely upon it; ''Better is little with the fear of the Lord, than great treasure, and trouble therewith. -Benjamin Franklin": 1, 'Rings and jewels are not gifts but apologies for gifts. The only true gift is a portion of yourself. -Ralph Waldo Emerson': 1, 'That is the true season of love, when we believe that we alone can love, that no one could ever have loved so before us, and that no one will love in the same way after us. -Johann Wolfgang von Goethe': 1} 
absent {'In any fairly large and talkative community such as a university there is always the danger that those who think alike should gravitate together where they will henceforth encounter opposition only in the emasculated form of rumour that the outsiders say thus and thus. The absent are easily refuted, complacent dogmatism thrives, and differences of opinion are embittered by the group hostility. Each group hears not the best, but the worst, that the other group can say. -C.S. Lewis': 1} 
urgent {"Life's most persistent and urgent question is, 'What are you doing for others?' -Martin Luther King Jr.": 1} 
invincible {'I have been the artist with the longest career, and I am so proud and honoured to be chosen from heaven to be invincible. -Michael Jackson': 1} 
inside {'A Native American elder once described his own inner struggles in this manner: Inside of me there are two dogs. One of the dogs is mean and evil. The other dog is good. The mean dog fights the good dog all the time. When asked which dog wins, he reflected. -George Bernard Shaw': 1} 
tell {"One thing they never tell you about child raising is that for the rest of your life, at the drop of a hat, you are expected to know your child's name and how old he or she is. -Erna Bombeck": 1, "Playwriting gets into your blood and you can't stop it. At least, not until the producers or the public tell you to. -T.S. Eliot": 1, "My role in society, or any artist's or poet's role, is to try and express what we all feel. Not to tell people how to feel. Not as a preacher, not as a leader, but as a reflection of us all. -John Lennon": 1, 'Of course the people dont want war...that is understood. But voice or no voice, the people can always be brought to the bidding of the leaders. That is easy. All you have to do is tell them they are being attacked, and denounce the pacifists for lack of patriotism and exposing the country to danger. It works the same in any country. -Hermann Goering': 1, 'It is very easy to tell the difference between man-made and God-made objects. The more you magnify man-made objects, the cruder they look, but the more you magnify God-made objects, the more precise and intricate they appear. -Luther Sutherland': 1, 'Experts tell us that if the Millennium Bug is not fixed, when the year 2000 arrives, our financial records will be inaccurate, our telephone system will be unreliable, our government will be paralyzed and airline flights will be canceled without warning. In other words, things will be pretty much the same as they are now. -Dave Barry': 1} 
chrstians {"We all wish to be judged by our peers, by the men 'after our own heart.' Only they really know our mind and only they judge it by standards we fully acknowledge. Theirs is the praise we really covet and the blame we really dread. The little pockets of early Chrstians survived because they cared exclusively for the love of 'the bretheren' and stopped their ears to the opinion of the Pagan society around them. But a circle of criminals, cranks, or perverts survives in just the same way; by becoming deaf to the opinion of the outer world, by discounting it as the chatter of outsiders who 'don't understand,' of the 'conventional,' the 'bourgeois,' the 'Establishment,' of prigs, prudes, and humbugs. -C.S. Lewis": 1} 
adore {'There are fathers who do not love their children; there is no grandfather who does not adore his grandson. -Victor Hugo': 1} 
oscar wilde {"A man's very highest moment is, I have no doubt at all, when he kneels in the dust, and beats his breast, and tells all the sins of his life. -Oscar Wilde": 1, 'The intellect is not a serious thing, and never has been. It is an instrument on which one plays, that is all. -Oscar Wilde': 1, 'We live in an age when unnecessary things are our only necessities. -Oscar Wilde': 1, 'Imagination is a quality given a man to compensate him for what he is not, and a sense of humor was provided to console him for what he is. -Oscar Wilde': 1, 'The mind of the thoroughly well-informed man is a dreadful thing. It is like a bric-\xe0-brac shop, all monsters and dust, with everything priced above its proper value. -Oscar Wilde': 1, 'Men marry because they are tired; women because they are curious. Both are disappointed. -Oscar Wilde': 1, "A man can't be too careful in the choice of his enemies. -Oscar Wilde": 1, 'The public is wonderfully tolerant. It forgives everything except genius. -Oscar Wilde': 1, 'A man who desires to get married should know either everything or nothing. -Oscar Wilde': 1, 'Self-denial is the shining sore on the leprous body of Christianity. -Oscar Wilde': 1, 'To have the reputation of possessing the most perfect social tact, talk to every woman as if you loved her, and to every man as if he bored you. -Oscar Wilde': 1, 'There is luxury in self-reproach. When we blame ourselves, we feel no one else has a right to blame us. -Oscar Wilde': 1, 'Those whom the gods love grow young. -Oscar Wilde': 1, 'Punctuality is the thief of time. -Oscar Wilde': 1, 'The commonest thing is delightful if only one hides it. -Oscar Wilde': 1, 'Education is an admirable thing, but it is well to remember from time to time that nothing that is worth knowing can be taught. -Oscar Wilde': 1} 
cosmos {'In all chaos there is a cosmos, in all disorder a secret order. -Carl Jung': 1} 
temper {'Education is the ability to listen to almost anything without losing your temper or your self-confidence. -Robert Frost': 1, "Most football teams are temperamental. That's 90% temper and 10% mental. -Doug Plank": 1, 'It is only our bad temper that we put down to being tired or worried or hungry; we put our good temper down to ourselves. -C.S. Lewis': 2} 
brightly {'Life is no brief candle to me. It is a sort of splendid torch which I have got a hold of for the moment, and I want to make it burn as brightly as possible before handing it onto future generations. -George Bernard Shaw': 1} 
proud {'Intoxicated with unbroken success, we have become too self-sufficient to feel the necessity of redeeming and preserving grace, too proud to pray to the God that made us. -Abraham Lincoln': 1, 'If a man is proud of his wealth, he should not be praised until it is known how he employs it. -Socrates': 1, 'I have been the artist with the longest career, and I am so proud and honoured to be chosen from heaven to be invincible. -Michael Jackson': 1} 
proved {'What is now proved was once only imagined. -William Blake': 1} 
ornaments {'Money can help you to get medicines but not health. Money can help you to get soft pillows, but not sound sleep. Money can help you to get material comforts, but not eternal bliss. Money can help you to get ornaments, but not beauty. Money will help you to get an electric earphone, but not natural hearing. Attain the supreme wealth, wisdom, and you will have everything. -Benjamin Franklin': 1} 
blockhead {'No man but a blockhead ever wrote, except for money. -Samuel Johnson': 1} 
novel {'A good novel tells us the truth about its hero; but a bad novel tells us the truth about its author. -GK Chesterton': 2, 'Any reviewer who expresses rage and loathing for a novel is preposterous. He or she is like a person who has put on full armor and attacked a hot fudge sundae. -Kurt Vonnegut': 1, 'There are three rules for writing a novel. Unfortunately, no one knows what they are. -W. Somerset Maugham': 1} 
covers {'The covers of this book are too far apart. -Ambrose Bierce': 1} 
thanksgiving {'An optimist is a person who starts a new diet on Thanksgiving Day. -Irv Kupcinet': 1, "I love Thanksgiving. It's the only time in Los Angeles that you see natural breasts. -Arnold Schwarzenegger": 1, "A University of Chicago professor said the greatest day in the world was when a water puppy crawled out on land and decided to stay. The water puppy, he said, went on to become a man. If he proves that, I am willing to give up Christmas, Thanksgiving, and New Year's Day, and to celebrate Water Puppy Day. -William Jennings Bryan": 1} 
fly {"The movie's director is the pilot. It's his vision. For an actor, the time to worry about flying is when you're on the ground. If you don't want to fly with the director, don't get on the plane. -Denzel Washington": 1, "If a woman has to choose between catching a fly ball and saving an infant's life, she will choose to save the infant's life without even considering if there are men on base. -Dave Barry": 1} 
proves {'Experience proves this, or that, or nothing, according to the preconceptions we bring to it. -C.S. Lewis': 1, "A University of Chicago professor said the greatest day in the world was when a water puppy crawled out on land and decided to stay. The water puppy, he said, went on to become a man. If he proves that, I am willing to give up Christmas, Thanksgiving, and New Year's Day, and to celebrate Water Puppy Day. -William Jennings Bryan": 1} 
exist {'What is the most important for democracy is not that great fortunes should not exist, but that great fortunes should not remain in the same hands. In that way there are rich men, but they do not form a class. -Alexis de Tocqueville': 1, 'Facts do not cease to exist because they are ignored. -Aldous Huxley': 1, 'Humility is the foundation of all the other virtues hence, in the soul in which this virtue does not exist there cannot be any other virtue except in mere appearance. -Saint Augustine': 1, 'Obstacles do not exist to be surrendered to, but only to be broken. -Adolf Hitler': 1} 
fatherhood {'Fatherhood is pretending the present you love most is soap on-a-rope. -Bill Cosby': 1} 
curious {'Men marry because they are tired; women because they are curious. Both are disappointed. -Oscar Wilde': 1, 'I arrive at the end of this review having done my duty as a critic. I have described the movie accurately and you have a good idea what you are in for if you go to see it. Most of you will not. I cannot argue with you. Some of you will--the brave and the curious. You embody the spirit of the man who first wondered what it would taste like to eat an oyster. -Roger Ebert': 1, 'By a curious confusion, many modern critics have passed from the proposition that a masterpiece may be unpopular to the other proposition that unless it is unpopular it cannot be a masterpiece. -GK Chesterton': 1} 
awhile {'You are young, my son, and, as the years go by, time will change and even reverse many of your present opinions. Refrain therefore awhile from setting yourself up as a judge of the highest matters. -Plato': 1, "There are people who put their dreams in a little box and say, Yes, I've got dreams, of course I've got dreams. Then they put the box away and bring it out once in awhile to look in it, and yep, they're still there. -Erna Bombeck": 1} 
annoying {"Advice to young writers who want to get ahead without annoying delays: don\x92t write about Man, write about 'a' man. -E.B. White": 1} 
fulton j. sheen {'Show me your hands. Do they have scars from giving? Show me your feet. Are they wounded in service? Show me your heart. Have you left a place for divine love? -Fulton J. Sheen': 1} 
check {"Science is not about building a body of known 'facts'. It is a method for asking awkward questions and subjecting them to a reality-check, thus avoiding the human tendency to believe whatever makes us feel good. -Terry Pratchett": 1, 'If Al Gore invented the Internet, I invented spell check. -Dan Quayle': 1} 
shit {'Children always understand. They have open minds. They have built-in shit detectors. -Madonna Ciccone': 1} 
physical {'If you start to think about your physical or moral condition, you usually find that you are sick. -Johann Wolfgang von Goethe': 1, "Never continue in a job you don't enjoy. If you're happy in what you're doing, you'll like yourself, you'll have inner peace. And if you have that, along with physical health, you will have had more success than you could possibly have imagined. -Johnny Carson": 1} 
lytton {'In life, as in art, the beautiful moves in curves. -Edward Bulwer-Lytton': 1} 
dying {"Dying is the most embarrassing thing that can ever happen to you, because someone's got to take care of all your details. -Andy Warhol": 1, 'Truth sits upon the lips of dying men. -Matthew Arnold': 1, 'Christ died for men precisely because men are not worth dying for; to make them worth it. -C.S. Lewis': 1} 
no {"No side will win the Battle of the Sexes. There's too much fraternizing with the enemy. -Henry Kissinger": 1, 'No passion so effectually robs the mind of all its powers of acting and reasoning as fear. -Edmund Burke': 1, "I've worked for four presidents and watched two others up close, and I know that there's no such thing as a routine day in the Oval Office. -Dick Cheney": 1, 'No easy problem ever comes to the President of the United States. If they are easy to solve, somebody else has solved them. -John F. Kennedy': 1, 'The sleeping fox catches no poultry. -Benjamin Franklin': 1, "There's no present. There's only the immediate future and the recent past. -George Carlin": 1, 'Such is the delicacy of man alone, that no object is produced to his liking. He finds that in everything there is need for improvement. The whole industry of human life is employed not in procuring the supply of our three humble necessities, food, clothes and lodging, but in procuring the conveniences of it according to the nicety and delicacy of our tastes. -Adam Smith': 1, 'No nation keeps its word. A nation is a big, blind worm, following what? Fate perhaps. A nation has no honor, it has no word to keep. -Carl Jung': 3, "We've got to live. No matter how many skies have fallen. -D.H. Lawrence": 1, 'No man but a blockhead ever wrote, except for money. -Samuel Johnson': 1, 'Love means loving the unlovable - or it is no virtue at all. -GK Chesterton': 1, 'No man will make a great leader who wants to do it all himself or get all the credit for doing it. -Andrew Carnegie': 1, 'Humility is no substitute for a good personality. -Fran Lebowitz': 1, 'The man who does not read good books has no advantage over the man who cannot read them. -Mark Twain': 1, 'No one can make you feel inferior without your consent. -Eleanor Roosevelt': 1, 'No sooner do we depart from sense and instinct to follow reason but we are insensibly drawn into uncouth paradoxes, difficulties, and inconsistencies, which multiply and grow upon us as we advance in speculation; till at length, having wandered through many intricate mazes, we find ourselves just where we were, or, which is worse, sit down in a forlorn scepticism. -George Berkeley': 1, 'There are perhaps no days of our childhood we lived so fully as those we spent with a favorite book. -Marcel Proust': 1, 'As I would not be a slave, so I would not be a master. This expresses my idea of democracy. Whatever differs from this, to the extent of the difference, is no democracy. -Abraham Lincoln': 1, 'Love anything and your heart will be wrung and possibly broken. If you want to make sure of keeping it intact you must give it to no one, not even an animal. Wrap it carefully round with hobbies and little luxuries; avoid all entanglements. Lock it up safe in the casket or coffin of your selfishness. But in that casket, safe, dark, motionless, airless, it will change. It will not be broken; it will become unbreakable, impenetrable, irredeemable. To love is to be vulnerable. -C.S. Lewis': 1, 'We ascribe beauty to that which is simple; which has no superfluous parts; which exactly answers its end; which stands related to all things; which is the mean of many extremes. -Ralph Waldo Emerson': 1, 'There is no substitute for hard work. -Thomas Edison': 1, 'There are fathers who do not love their children; there is no grandfather who does not adore his grandson. -Victor Hugo': 1, 'Life is no brief candle to me. It is a sort of splendid torch which I have got a hold of for the moment, and I want to make it burn as brightly as possible before handing it onto future generations. -George Bernard Shaw': 1, 'On account of being a democracy and run by the people, we are the only nation in the world that has to keep a government four years, no matter what it does. -Will Rogers': 1, 'No human relation gives one possession in another...every two souls are absolutely different. In friendship and in love, the two side by side raise hands together to find what one cannot reach alone. -Kahlil Gibran': 1, 'Without courage, wisdom bears no fruit. -Baltasar Gracian': 1, 'To one who has faith, no explanation is necessary. To one without faith, no explanation is possible. -Thomas Aquinas': 2, 'There are no secrets to success. It is the result of preparation, hard work, and learning from failure. -Colin Powell': 1, 'Never discourage anyone who continually makes progress, no matter how slow. -Plato': 1, 'There are three rules for writing a novel. Unfortunately, no one knows what they are. -W. Somerset Maugham': 1, "I cried because I had no shoes, 'till I met a man who had no feet. So I said, 'You got any shoes you're not using'? -Steven Wright": 2, 'That is the true season of love, when we believe that we alone can love, that no one could ever have loved so before us, and that no one will love in the same way after us. -Johann Wolfgang von Goethe': 2, "A man's very highest moment is, I have no doubt at all, when he kneels in the dust, and beats his breast, and tells all the sins of his life. -Oscar Wilde": 1, "No distance of place or lapse of time can lessen the friendship of those who are thoroughly persuaded of each other's worth. -Robert Southey": 1, 'There is no glory in battle worth the blood it costs. -Dwight Eisenhower': 1, 'If we have no peace, it is because we have forgotten that we belong to each other. -Mother Teresa': 1, 'There can be no liberty unless there is economic liberty. -Margaret Thatcher': 1, 'The difference between sex and death is that with death you can do it alone and no one is going to make fun of you. -Woody Allen': 1, 'Of course the people dont want war...that is understood. But voice or no voice, the people can always be brought to the bidding of the leaders. That is easy. All you have to do is tell them they are being attacked, and denounce the pacifists for lack of patriotism and exposing the country to danger. It works the same in any country. -Hermann Goering': 1, "You give me a credit to which I have no claim in calling me 'the writer of the Constitution of the United States.' This was not, like the fabled Goddess of Wisdom, the offspring of a single brain. It ought to be regarded as the work of many heads and many hands. -James Madison": 1, 'There is no question that there is an unseen world. The problem is, how far is it from midtown and how late is it open? -Woody Allen': 1, 'Christmas can be celebrated in the school room with pine trees, tinsel and reindeers, but there must be no mention of the man whose birthday is being celebrated. One wonders how a teacher would answer if a student asked why it was called Christmas. -Ronald Reagan': 1, "No matter what they're charging to get in, it's worth more to get out. -Roger Ebert": 1, 'If you will not fight for the right when you can easily win without bloodshed; if you will not fight when your victory will be sure and not too costly; you may come to the moment when you will have to fight with all the odds against you and only a small chance of survival. There may even be a worse case: you may have to fight when there is no hope of victory, because it is better to perish than to live as slaves. -Winston Churchill': 1, 'No doubt those who really founded modern science were usually those whose love of truth exceeded their love of power. -C.S. Lewis': 1, 'Ocean: A body of water occupying 2/3 of a world made for man...who has no gills. -Ambrose Bierce': 1, 'It still remains true that no justification of virtue will enable a man to be virtuous. -C.S. Lewis': 1, "If Jack's in love, he's no judge of Jill's beauty. -Benjamin Franklin": 1, 'Politics is perhaps the only profession for which no preparation is thought necessary. -Robert Louis Stevenson': 1, 'No matter how much cats fight, there always seem to be plenty of kittens. -Abraham Lincoln': 1, 'If you judge people, you have no time to love them. -Mother Teresa': 1, 'The worst moment for the athieist is when he feels thankful and has no one to thank. -Dante Gabriel Rossetti': 1, 'There is no strength in unbelief. Even the unbelief of what is false is no source of might. It is the truth shining from behind that gives the strength to disbelieve. -George MacDonald': 2, 'Maturity is a bitter disappointment for which no remedy exists, unless laughter can be said to remedy anything. -Kurt Vonnegut': 1, 'Not only is there no God, but try finding a plumber on Sunday. -Woody Allen': 1, 'If my children wake up on Christmas morning and have someone to thank for putting candy in their stocking, have I no one to thank for putting two feet in mine? -GK Chesterton': 1, "My life has no purpose, no direction, no aim, no meaning, and yet I'm happy. I can't figure it out. What am I doing right? -Charles Schulz": 4, 'There is no joy in life like the joy of sharing. -Billy Graham': 1, 'There is luxury in self-reproach. When we blame ourselves, we feel no one else has a right to blame us. -Oscar Wilde': 1, 'We should take care not to make the intellect our god; it has, of course, powerful muscles, but no personality. -Albert Einstein': 1} 
paul getty {'My formula for success is rise early, work late, and strike oil. -Paul Getty': 1} 
generally {'\x93Take a chance! All life is a chance. The man who goes farthest is generally the one who is willing to do and dare. -Dale Carnegie': 1, "It is necessary for the welfare of society that genius should be privileged to utter sedition, to blaspheme, to outrage good taste, to corrupt the youthful mind, and generally to scandalize one's uncles. -George Bernard Shaw": 1, 'Those who believe they are exclusively in the right are generally those who achieve something. -Aldous Huxley': 1} 
actor {"The movie's director is the pilot. It's his vision. For an actor, the time to worry about flying is when you're on the ground. If you don't want to fly with the director, don't get on the plane. -Denzel Washington": 1, 'An actor is at most a poet and at least an entertainer. -Marlon Brando': 1} 
tis {"'Tis the business of little minds to shrink, but he whose heart is firm, and whose conscience approves his conduct, will pursue his principles unto death. -Thomas Paine": 1, "Associate yourself with men of good quality if you esteem your own reputation; for 'tis better to be alone than in bad company. -George Washington": 1} 
interested {"Parents are not interested in justice, they're interested in peace and quiet. -Bill Cosby": 2, 'Analyzing humor is like dissecting a frog. Few people are interested and the frog dies of it. -E.B. White': 1} 
role {"My role in society, or any artist's or poet's role, is to try and express what we all feel. Not to tell people how to feel. Not as a preacher, not as a leader, but as a reflection of us all. -John Lennon": 2} 
trophies {"I've got more trophies than Wayne Gretzky & The Pope combined! -Homer Simpson": 1} 
test {'I have one yardstick by which I test every major problem-and that yardstick is: Is it good for America? -Dwight Eisenhower': 1} 
marianne moore {'Poetry is the art of creating imaginary gardens with real toads. -Marianne Moore': 1} 
tripped {'Cooking was invented in prehistoric times, when a primitive tribe had a lucky accident. The tribe had killed an animal and was going to eat it raw, when a tribe member named Woog tripped and dropped it into the fire. At first the other tribe members were angry at Woog, but then, as the aroma of burning meat filled the air, they had an idea. So they ate Woog raw. -Dave Barry': 1} 
superfluous {'We ascribe beauty to that which is simple; which has no superfluous parts; which exactly answers its end; which stands related to all things; which is the mean of many extremes. -Ralph Waldo Emerson': 1} 
shrink {"'Tis the business of little minds to shrink, but he whose heart is firm, and whose conscience approves his conduct, will pursue his principles unto death. -Thomas Paine": 1} 
impossibilities {'Probable impossibilities are to be preferred to improbable possibilities. -Aristotle': 1} 
dirtier {'What the country needs is dirtier fingernails and cleaner minds. -Will Rogers': 1} 
models {'The leading cause of death among fashion models is falling through street grates. -Dave Barry': 1} 
dies {'Life is anything that dies when you stomp on it. -Dave Barry': 1, 'Analyzing humor is like dissecting a frog. Few people are interested and the frog dies of it. -E.B. White': 1} 
felt {'The best and most beautiful things in the world cannot be seen or even touched. They must be felt with the heart. -Helen Keller': 1} 
diet {'An optimist is a person who starts a new diet on Thanksgiving Day. -Irv Kupcinet': 1, "The days of looking the other way while despotic regimes trample human rights, rob their nations' wealth, and then excuse their failings by feeding their people a steady diet of anti-Western hatred are over. -Dick Cheney": 1} 
jack handey {"I think a good gift for the president would be a chocolate revolver. And since he's so busy, you'd probably have to run up to him and hand it to him. -Jack Handey": 1, "What is it that makes a complete stranger dive into an icy river to save a solid-gold baby? Maybe we'll never know. -Jack Handey": 1, "If your kid makes one of those little homemade guitars out of a cigar box and rubber bands, don't let him just play it once or twice and then throw it away. Make him practice on it, every day, for about three hours a day. Later, he'll thank you. -Jack Handey": 1, "To me, clowns aren't funny. In fact, they're kinda scary. I've wondered where this started, and I think it goes back to the time I went to the circus and a clown killed my dad. -Jack Handey": 1, "To me, it's always a good idea to always carry two sacks of something when you walk around. That way, if anybody says, 'Hey, can you give me a hand?,' you can say, 'Sorry, got these sacks.' -Jack Handey": 1, "When this girl at the museum asked me who I liked better, Monet or Manet, I said, 'I like mayonnaise.' She just stared at me, so I said it again, louder. Then she left. I guess she went to try to find some mayonnaise for me. -Jack Handey": 1, "Is there anything more beautiful than a beautiful, beautiful flamingo, flying across in front of a beautiful sunset? And he's carrying a beautiful rose in his beak, and also he's carrying a very beautiful painting with his feet. And also, you're drunk. -Jack Handey": 1, "If you're in a boxing match, try not to let the other guy's glove touch your lips, because you don't know where that glove has been. -Jack Handey": 1, "Instead of a trap door, what about a trap window? The guy looks out it, and if he leans too far, he falls out. Wait. I guess that's like a regular window. -Jack Handey": 1} 
journey {'A journey of a thousand miles begins with a single step. -Confucius': 1} 
invested {'A great deal of intelligence can be invested in ignorance when the need for illusion is deep. -Saul Bellow': 1} 
dissimilarities {'It is the dissimilarities and inequalities among men which give rise to the notion of honor; as such differences become less, it grows feeble; and when they disappear, it will vanish too. -Alexis de Tocqueville': 1} 
occasion {'Heroism is not only in the man, but in the occasion. -Calvin Coolidge': 1} 
rolling {"Just because I look sexy on the cover of Rolling Stone doesn't mean I'm naughty. -Britney Spears": 1} 
entrust {'History does not long entrust the care of freedom to the weak or the timid. -Dwight Eisenhower': 1} 
died {'Back in the old days, most families were close-knit. Grown children and their parents continued to live together, under the same roof, sometimes in the same small, crowded room, year in and year out, until they died, frequently by strangulation. -Dave Barry': 1, 'Christ died for men precisely because men are not worth dying for; to make them worth it. -C.S. Lewis': 1} 
dale carnegie {'Fear not those who argue but those who dodge. -Dale Carnegie': 1, '\x93Take a chance! All life is a chance. The man who goes farthest is generally the one who is willing to do and dare. -Dale Carnegie': 1} 
cowardice {'There are several good protections against temptation, but the surest is cowardice. -Mark Twain': 1} 
younger {'Nothing so dates a man as to decry the younger generation. -Adlai Stevenson': 1, "Speeches are for the younger men who are going places. And I'm not going anyplace except six feet under the floor of that little chapel adjoining the museum and library at Abilene. -Dwight Eisenhower": 1} 
faster {"The function of RAM is to give us guys a way of deciding whose computer has the biggest, studliest, most tumescent MEMORY. This is important, because with today's complex software, the more memory a computer has, the faster it can produce error messages. So the bottom line is, if you're a guy, you cannot have enough RAM. -Dave Barry": 1} 
apology {'I hope that when you are my age, you will be able to say as I have been able to say: We lived in freedom. We lived lives that were a statement, not an apology. -Ronald Reagan': 1} 
tested {'Providence protects children and idiots. I know because I have tested it. -Mark Twain': 1} 
sacks {"To me, it's always a good idea to always carry two sacks of something when you walk around. That way, if anybody says, 'Hey, can you give me a hand?,' you can say, 'Sorry, got these sacks.' -Jack Handey": 2} 
normally {"I'm not normally a religious man, but if you're up there, save me, Superman! -Homer Simpson": 1} 
interval {'Love is the delightful interval between meeting a beautiful girl and discovering that she looks like a haddock. -John Barrymore': 1} 
together {"I don't work according to nature, but infront and together with it. An artist must observe the nature, but never confuse it with the art. -Pablo Picasso": 1, 'Why, you can take the most gallant sailor, the most intrepid airman or the most audacious soldier, put them at a table together - what do you get? The sum of their fears. -Winston Churchill': 1, 'Back in the old days, most families were close-knit. Grown children and their parents continued to live together, under the same roof, sometimes in the same small, crowded room, year in and year out, until they died, frequently by strangulation. -Dave Barry': 1, 'No human relation gives one possession in another...every two souls are absolutely different. In friendship and in love, the two side by side raise hands together to find what one cannot reach alone. -Kahlil Gibran': 1, 'In any fairly large and talkative community such as a university there is always the danger that those who think alike should gravitate together where they will henceforth encounter opposition only in the emasculated form of rumour that the outsiders say thus and thus. The absent are easily refuted, complacent dogmatism thrives, and differences of opinion are embittered by the group hostility. Each group hears not the best, but the worst, that the other group can say. -C.S. Lewis': 1, 'America is not like a blanket: one piece of unbroken cloth, the same color, the same texture, the same size. America is more like a quilt: many patches, many pieces, many colors, many sizes, all woven and held together by a common thread. -Jesse Jackson': 1, 'How did it happen that their lips came together? How does it happen that birds sing, that snow melts, that the rose unfolds, that the dawn whitens behind the stark shapes of trees on the quivering summit of the hill? A kiss, and all was said. -Victor Hugo': 1} 
jacket {'And what\x92s romance? Usually, a nice little tale where you have everything As You Like It, where rain never wets your jacket and gnats never bite your nose and it\x92s always daisy-time. -D.H. Lawrence': 1} 
william shakespeare {'The fool doth think he is wise, but the wise man knows himself to be a fool. -William Shakespeare': 1, 'With the sleep of dreams comes nightmares. -William Shakespeare': 1, 'If music be the food of love, play on. -William Shakespeare': 1, 'I dote on his very absence. -William Shakespeare': 1, 'Though I am not naturally honest, I am sometimes by chance. -William Shakespeare': 1, "To be wise and love exceeds man's might. -William Shakespeare": 1, 'Cowards die many times before their deaths. The valiant never taste of death but once. -William Shakespeare': 1} 
time {"The only reason for time is so that everything doesn't happen at once. -Albert Einstein": 1, "Christmas is a time when you get homesick, even when you're home. -Carol Nelson": 1, 'Let the word go forth from this time and place, to friend and foe alike, that the torch has been passed to a new generation of Americans. -John F. Kennedy': 1, "To me, clowns aren't funny. In fact, they're kinda scary. I've wondered where this started, and I think it goes back to the time I went to the circus and a clown killed my dad. -Jack Handey": 1, 'You are young, my son, and, as the years go by, time will change and even reverse many of your present opinions. Refrain therefore awhile from setting yourself up as a judge of the highest matters. -Plato': 1, 'Success does not consist in never making mistakes but in never making the same one a second time. -George Bernard Shaw': 1, "I've had a wonderful time, but this wasn't it. -Groucho Marx": 1, 'If God had wanted us to spend our time fretting about the problems of home ownership, He would never have invented beer. -Dave Barry': 1, "When you stop giving and offering something to the rest of the world, it's time to turn out the lights. -George Burns": 1, 'If you judge people, you have no time to love them. -Mother Teresa': 1, "When I see a play and understand it the first time, then I know it can't be much good. -T.S. Eliot": 1, 'Punctuality is the thief of time. -Oscar Wilde': 1, 'Nothing separates the generations more than music. By the time a child is eight or nine, he has developed a passion for his own music that is even stronger than his passions for procrastination and weird clothes. -Bill Cosby': 1, 'Errors of haste are seldom committed singly. The first time a man always does too much. And precisely on that account he commits a second error, and then he does too little. -Friedrich Nietzsche': 1, 'Everything is simpler than you think and at the same time more complex than you imagine. -Johann Wolfgang von Goethe': 1, 'Education is an admirable thing, but it is well to remember from time to time that nothing that is worth knowing can be taught. -Oscar Wilde': 2, "Anybody can become angry - that is easy, but to be angry with the right person and to the right degree and at the right time and for the right purpose, and in the right way - that is not within everybody's power and is not easy. -Aristotle": 1, "Talent alone won't make you a success. Neither will being in the right place at the right time, unless you are ready. The most important question is: 'Are you ready?' -Johnny Carson": 1, 'It takes a long time to turn a big country around. -Bill Clinton': 1, 'Man [has] always assumed that he was more intelligent than dolphins because he had achieved so much-the wheel, New York, wars and so on-while all the dolphins had ever done was muck about in the water having a good time. But conversely, the dolphins had always believed that they were far more intelligent than man-for precisely the same reason. -Douglas Adams': 1, "I love Thanksgiving. It's the only time in Los Angeles that you see natural breasts. -Arnold Schwarzenegger": 1, 'I made this letter longer than usual because I lack the time to make it short. -Blaise Pascal': 1, "No distance of place or lapse of time can lessen the friendship of those who are thoroughly persuaded of each other's worth. -Robert Southey": 1, 'And what\x92s romance? Usually, a nice little tale where you have everything As You Like It, where rain never wets your jacket and gnats never bite your nose and it\x92s always daisy-time. -D.H. Lawrence': 1, "The movie's director is the pilot. It's his vision. For an actor, the time to worry about flying is when you're on the ground. If you don't want to fly with the director, don't get on the plane. -Denzel Washington": 1, "We seem to be going through a period of nostalgia, and everyone seems to think yesterday was better than today. I don't think it was, and I would advise you not to wait ten years before admitting today was great. If you're hung up on nostalgia, pretend today is yesterday and just go out and have one hell of a time. -Art Buchwald": 1, 'Take time to deliberate, but when the time for action has arrived, stop thinking and go in. -Napoleon Bonaparte': 2, 'Rome remained free for four hundred years and Sparta eight hundred, although their citizens were armed all that time; but many other states that have been disarmed have lost their liberties in less than forty years. -Nicolo Machiavelli': 1, 'It is a grand mistake to think of being great without goodness and I pronounce it as certain that there was never a truly great man that was not at the same time truly virtuous. -Benjamin Franklin': 1, 'There is time for everything. -Thomas Edison': 1, 'I confess, I do not believe in time. -Vladimir Nabokov': 1, 'Television is a medium of entertainment which permits millions of people to listen to the same joke at the same time, and yet remain lonesome. -T.S. Eliot': 1, 'You may delay, but time will not. -Benjamin Franklin': 1, 'For a time, at least, I was the most famous person in the entire world. -Jesse Owens': 1, 'I think and think for months and years, ninety-nine times, the conclusion is false. The hundredth time I am right. -Albert Einstein': 1, 'The surface of American society is covered with a layer of democratic paint, but from time to time one can see the old aristocratic colours breaking through. -Alexis de Tocqueville': 2, 'The time which we have at our disposal every day is elastic; the passions we feel expand it, those that we inspire contract it, and habit fills up what remains. -Marcel Proust': 1, "How did it get so late so soon? It's night before it's afternoon. December is here before it's June. My goodness how the time has flewn. How did it get so late so soon? -Theodor Seuss Geisel": 1, 'A Native American elder once described his own inner struggles in this manner: Inside of me there are two dogs. One of the dogs is mean and evil. The other dog is good. The mean dog fights the good dog all the time. When asked which dog wins, he reflected. -George Bernard Shaw': 1, 'A star on a movie set is like a time bomb. That bomb has got to be defused so people can approach it without fear. -Jack Nicholson': 1, 'My dream is of a place and a time where America will once again be seen as the last best hope of earth. -Abraham Lincoln': 1, 'Time is a great teacher, but unfortunately it kills all its pupils. -Louis Hector Berlioz': 1, 'The Democrats seem to be basically nicer people, but they have demonstrated time and again that they have the management skills of celery. -Dave Barry': 1, "By the time we've made it, we've had it. -Malcolm Forbes": 1, 'Time makes more converts than reason. -Thomas Paine': 1, 'To you taxpayers out there, let me say this: Make sure you file your tax return on time! And remember that, even though income taxes can be a \x93pain in the neck,\x94 the folks at the IRS are regular people just like you, except that they can destroy your life. -Dave Barry': 1} 
serious {'The intellect is not a serious thing, and never has been. It is an instrument on which one plays, that is all. -Oscar Wilde': 1, 'Serious sport has nothing to do with fair play. It is bound up with hatred, jealousy, boastfulness, disregard of all rules and sadistic pleasure in witnessing violence. In other words: it is war minus the shooting. -George Orwell': 1, 'Life does not cease to be funny when people die any more than it ceases to be serious when people laugh. -George Bernard Shaw': 1} 
laws {'The laws of gravity cannot be held responsible for people falling in love. -Albert Einstein': 1, "Don't ask God to change the laws of nature for you. -Nachman of Bratslav": 1, 'Nothing before had ever made me thoroughly realise, though I had read various scientific books, that science consists in grouping facts so that general laws or conclusions may be drawn from them. -Charles Darwin': 1} 
al gore {'When you have the facts on your side, argue the facts. When you have the law on your side, argue the law. When you have neither, holler. -Al Gore': 1} 
precedent {'He that would make his own liberty secure, must guard even his enemy from opposition; for if he violates this duty he establishes a precedent that will reach himself. -Thomas Paine': 1} 
hope {'My dream is of a place and a time where America will once again be seen as the last best hope of earth. -Abraham Lincoln': 1, 'There is hope for the future because God has a sense of humor and we are funny to God. -Bill Cosby': 1, 'As Mankind becomes more liberal, they will be more apt to allow that all those who conduct themselves as worthy members of the community are equally entitled to the protections of civil government. I hope ever to see America among the foremost nations of justice and liberality. -George Washington': 1, 'Three grand essentials to happiness in this life are something to do, something to love, and something to hope for. -Joseph Addison': 1, 'If you will not fight for the right when you can easily win without bloodshed; if you will not fight when your victory will be sure and not too costly; you may come to the moment when you will have to fight with all the odds against you and only a small chance of survival. There may even be a worse case: you may have to fight when there is no hope of victory, because it is better to perish than to live as slaves. -Winston Churchill': 1, 'I hope that when you are my age, you will be able to say as I have been able to say: We lived in freedom. We lived lives that were a statement, not an apology. -Ronald Reagan': 1, 'If the United Nations once admits that international disputes can be settled by using force, then we will have destroyed the foundation of the organization and our best hope of establishing a world order. -Dwight Eisenhower': 1} 
precise {'It is very easy to tell the difference between man-made and God-made objects. The more you magnify man-made objects, the cruder they look, but the more you magnify God-made objects, the more precise and intricate they appear. -Luther Sutherland': 1} 
cincinnati {'Chicago sounds rough to the maker of verse. One comfort we have: Cincinnati sounds worse. -Oliver Wendell Holmes': 1} 
whoever {'Beauty is all very well at first sight; but whoever looks at it when it has been in the house three days? -George Bernard Shaw': 1} 
hijacker {'Democratic nations must try to find ways to starve the terrorist and the hijacker of the oxygen of publicity on which they depend. -Margaret Thatcher': 1} 
rob {"The days of looking the other way while despotic regimes trample human rights, rob their nations' wealth, and then excuse their failings by feeding their people a steady diet of anti-Western hatred are over. -Dick Cheney": 1} 
focus {'The thing we all have to understand to put these last two years in focus, is that liberals in this country care more about whether European leaders like us than they do about whether terrorists are killing us. -Rush Limbaugh': 1, "You can't depend on your eyes when your imagination is out of focus. -Mark Twain": 1} 
invent {'America did not invent human rights. In a very real sense...human rights invented America. -Jimmy Carter': 1} 
sympathetic {"Man's best possession is a sympathetic wife. -Euripides": 1} 
yapping {'Every year, back comes Spring, with nasty little birds yapping their fool heads off and the ground all mucked up with plants. -Dorothy Parker': 1} 
battle {'The whole life of an American is passed like a game of chance, a revolutionary crisis, or a battle. -Alexis de Tocqueville': 1, 'There is no glory in battle worth the blood it costs. -Dwight Eisenhower': 1, "No side will win the Battle of the Sexes. There's too much fraternizing with the enemy. -Henry Kissinger": 1, 'He that fights and runs away, may turn and fight another day; but he that is in battle slain, will never rise to fight again. -Tacitus': 1} 
disobeys {'The man who disobeys his parents will have disobedient sons. -Nachman of Bratslav': 1} 
row {'Call on God, but row away from the rocks. -Hunter S. Thompson': 1} 
idealism {'Idealism is fine, but as it approaches reality, the costs become prohibitive. -William F. Buckley': 1, 'Women are the only realists; their whole object in life is to pit their realism against the extravagant, excessive, and occasionally drunken idealism of men. -GK Chesterton': 1} 
suicide {'She was what we used to call a suicide blond - dyed by her own hand. -Saul Bellow': 1} 
depend {'Death and life have their determined appointments; riches and honors depend upon heaven. -Confucius': 1, "You can't depend on your eyes when your imagination is out of focus. -Mark Twain": 1, 'Nature is trying very hard to make us succeed, but nature does not depend on us. We are not the only experiment. -Buckminster Fuller': 1, 'Success, the real success, does not depend upon the position you hold but upon how you carry yourself in that position. -Theodore Roosevelt': 1, 'A government which robs Peter to pay Paul can always depend on the support of Paul. -George Bernard Shaw': 1, 'Democratic nations must try to find ways to starve the terrorist and the hijacker of the oxygen of publicity on which they depend. -Margaret Thatcher': 1} 
essentials {'Three grand essentials to happiness in this life are something to do, something to love, and something to hope for. -Joseph Addison': 1} 
providence {'Providence protects children and idiots. I know because I have tested it. -Mark Twain': 1} 
drunkards {"The puritanism of Christianity has played havoc with the moderation that an enlightened and tolerant critical spirit would have produced. I've noticed that in whatever country, county, town, or other region there is a regulation enjoining temperance, the population seems to be entirely composed of teetotallers and drunkards. There's a Bible on that shelf there. But I keep it next to Voltaire - poison and antidote. -Bertrand Russell": 1} 
father {'Children today know more about sex than I or my father did. -Bill Cosby': 1} 
environment {"I'm a middle age white guy, which means I'm constantly reminded that my particular group is responsible for the oppression of every known minority PLUS most wars PLUS government corruption PLUS pollution of the environment, not to mention that it was middle-age white guys who killed Bambi's mom. -Dave Barry": 1} 
answered {'Philosophy is questions that may never be answered. Religion is answers that may never be questioned. -Author Unknown': 1} 
charge {'Let us now set forth one of the fundamental truths about marriage: the wife is in charge. -Bill Cosby': 1} 
praised {'If a man is proud of his wealth, he should not be praised until it is known how he employs it. -Socrates': 1} 
unruffled {'Nothing gives one person so much advantage over another as to remain always cool and unruffled under all circumstances. -Thomas Jefferson': 1} 
terror {'Demoralize the enemy from within by surprise, terror, sabotage, assassination. This is the war of the future. -Adolf Hitler': 1, 'You know what the fellow said: In Italy for thirty years under the Borgias they had warfare, terror, murder, and bloodshed, but they produced Michaelangelo, Leonardo Da Vinci, and the Renaissance. In Switzerland, they had brotherly love--they had five hundred years of democracy and peace, and what did they produce? The cuckoo clock. -Orson Welles': 1} 
suffered {'Some of your countrymen were unable to distinguish between their native dislike for war and the stainless patriotism of those who suffered its scars. But there has been a rethinking and now we can say to you, and say as a nation, thank you for your courage. -Ronald Reagan': 1} 
circumstances {'A leader is a man who can adapt principles to circumstances. -George Patton': 1, 'Man was made for action, and to promote by the exertion of his faculties such changes in the external circumstances both of himself and others, as may seem most favourable to the happiness of all. -Adam Smith': 1, 'Nothing gives one person so much advantage over another as to remain always cool and unruffled under all circumstances. -Thomas Jefferson': 1, 'For me, survival is the ability to cope with difficulties, with circumstances, and to overcome them. -Nelson Mandela': 1} 
shoot {'Sex at age ninety is like trying to shoot pool with a rope. -George Burns': 1} 
chorus {'The mystic chords of memory, stretching from every battlefield and patriot grave to every living heart and hearthstone all over this broad land, will yet swell the chorus of the Union, when again touched, as surely they will be, by the better angels of our nature. -Abraham Lincoln': 1} 
we've {"We've got to live. No matter how many skies have fallen. -D.H. Lawrence": 1, "I think computer viruses should count as life. I think it says something about human nature that the only form of life we have created so far is purely destructive. We've created life in our own image. -Stephen Hawking": 1, "By the time we've made it, we've had it. -Malcolm Forbes": 2} 
advantage {'The man who does not read good books has no advantage over the man who cannot read them. -Mark Twain': 1, 'Nothing gives one person so much advantage over another as to remain always cool and unruffled under all circumstances. -Thomas Jefferson': 1} 
t.s. eliot {'Television is a medium of entertainment which permits millions of people to listen to the same joke at the same time, and yet remain lonesome. -T.S. Eliot': 1, 'We know too much, and are convinced of too little. Our literature is a substitute for religion, and so is our religion. -T.S. Eliot': 1, "Playwriting gets into your blood and you can't stop it. At least, not until the producers or the public tell you to. -T.S. Eliot": 1, "When I see a play and understand it the first time, then I know it can't be much good. -T.S. Eliot": 1} 
keeping {'Painting is just another way of keeping a diary. -Pablo Picasso': 1, 'Love anything and your heart will be wrung and possibly broken. If you want to make sure of keeping it intact you must give it to no one, not even an animal. Wrap it carefully round with hobbies and little luxuries; avoid all entanglements. Lock it up safe in the casket or coffin of your selfishness. But in that casket, safe, dark, motionless, airless, it will change. It will not be broken; it will become unbreakable, impenetrable, irredeemable. To love is to be vulnerable. -C.S. Lewis': 1} 
choice {"A man can't be too careful in the choice of his enemies. -Oscar Wilde": 1} 
morally {'I believe one of the reasons so many do not get a higher education is the fear of their parents that they will lose more morally than they will receive mentally. -William Jennings Bryan': 1} 
plumber {'Not only is there no God, but try finding a plumber on Sunday. -Woody Allen': 1} 
tanks {'To defend Western Europe we have to let the Pentagon buy all these tanks and guns and things, and the Pentagon is unable to buy any object that that costs less than a condominium in Vail. If the Pentagon needs, say, fruit, it will argue that it must have fruit that can withstand the rigors of combat conditions, and it will wind up purchasing the FX-700 Seedless Tactical Grape, which will cost $160,000 per bunch, and will have an 83 percent failure rate. -Dave Barry': 1} 
join {"Don't join the book burners. Do not think you are going to conceal thoughts by concealing evidence that they ever existed. -Dwight Eisenhower": 1, 'I would not join any club that would have someone like me for a member. -Groucho Marx': 1} 
trouble {'Worry is interest paid on trouble before it falls due. -W. R. Inge': 1, 'If we do not help a man in trouble, it is as if we caused the trouble. -Nachman of Bratslav': 2, "If you could kick the person in the pants responsible for most of your trouble, you wouldn't sit for a month. -Theodore Roosevelt": 1, "Money never made a man happy yet, nor will it. There is nothing in its nature to produce happiness. The more a man has, the more he wants. Instead of its filling a vacuum, it makes one. If it satisfies one want, it doubles and trebles that want another way. That was a true proverb of the wise man, rely upon it; ''Better is little with the fear of the Lord, than great treasure, and trouble therewith. -Benjamin Franklin": 1, "It ain't what you don't know that gets you into trouble. It's what you know for sure that just ain't so. -Mark Twain": 1} 
johnny carson {'People will pay more to be entertained than educated. -Johnny Carson': 1, "Democracy means that anyone can grow up to be president, and anyone who doesn't grow up can be vice president. -Johnny Carson": 1, "Talent alone won't make you a success. Neither will being in the right place at the right time, unless you are ready. The most important question is: 'Are you ready?' -Johnny Carson": 1, "Never continue in a job you don't enjoy. If you're happy in what you're doing, you'll like yourself, you'll have inner peace. And if you have that, along with physical health, you will have had more success than you could possibly have imagined. -Johnny Carson": 1, 'If variety is the spice of life, marriage is the big can of leftover Spam. -Johnny Carson': 1} 
feeble {'It is the dissimilarities and inequalities among men which give rise to the notion of honor; as such differences become less, it grows feeble; and when they disappear, it will vanish too. -Alexis de Tocqueville': 1} 
cool {".I had to face the horrible truth: The antitobacco people are lying. Smoking really is cool. And I'm less cool for not doing it. -Tucker Carlson": 2, 'Nothing gives one person so much advantage over another as to remain always cool and unruffled under all circumstances. -Thomas Jefferson': 1} 
unformed {'Everything except God has some natural superior; everything except unformed matter has some natural inferior. -C.S. Lewis': 1} 
level {'The significant problems we face cannot be solved at the same level of thinking we were at when we created them. -Albert Einstein': 1, "Without computers, the government would be unable to function at the level of effectiveness and efficiency that we have come to expect.  This is because the primary function of the government is -- and here I am quoting directly from the U.S. Constitution -- 'to spew out paper.' -Dave Barry": 1, "Nothing is wrong with Southern California that a rise in the ocean level wouldn't cure. -Kenneth Millar": 1} 
did {"How did it get so late so soon? It's night before it's afternoon. December is here before it's June. My goodness how the time has flewn. How did it get so late so soon? -Theodor Seuss Geisel": 2, "I realise that I'm making gender-based generalizations here, but my feeling is that if God did not want us to make gender-based generalizations, She would not have given us genders. -Dave Barry": 1, 'Goldie and I did have a car stolen right out of our yard. It took us three days to notice. -Kurt Russell': 1, 'Thus the metric system did not really catch on in the States, unless you count the increasing popularity of the nine-millimeter bullet. -Dave Barry': 1, "Many of life's failures are people who did not realize how close they were to success when they gave up. -Thomas Edison": 1, 'Alexander, Caesar, Charlemagne, and myself founded empires; but what foundation did we rest the creations of our genius? Upon force. Jesus Christ founded an empire upon love; and at this hour millions of men would die for Him. -Napoleon Bonaparte': 1, 'If a man is called to be a streetsweeper, he should sweep streets even as Michelangelo painted, or Beethoven composed music, or Shakespeare wrote poetry. He should sweep streets so well that all the host of heaven and earth will pause to say, here lived a great streetsweeper who did his job well. -Martin Luther King Jr.': 1, 'You know what the fellow said: In Italy for thirty years under the Borgias they had warfare, terror, murder, and bloodshed, but they produced Michaelangelo, Leonardo Da Vinci, and the Renaissance. In Switzerland, they had brotherly love--they had five hundred years of democracy and peace, and what did they produce? The cuckoo clock. -Orson Welles': 1, 'Children today know more about sex than I or my father did. -Bill Cosby': 1, 'America did not invent human rights. In a very real sense...human rights invented America. -Jimmy Carter': 1, 'When nothing seems to help, I go and look at a stonecutter hammering away at his rock perhaps a hundred times without as much as a crack showing in it. Yet at the hundred and first blow it will split in two, and I know it was not that blow that did it, but all that had gone before. -Jacob August Riis': 1, 'PRESIDENT, n. The leading figure in a small group of men of whom \x97 and of whom only \x97 it is positively known that immense numbers of their countrymen did not want any of them for President. -Ambrose Bierce': 1, 'I was angry with my friend I told my wrath, my wrath did end. I was angry with my foe: I told it not, my wrath did grow. -William Blake': 2, 'How did it happen that their lips came together? How does it happen that birds sing, that snow melts, that the rose unfolds, that the dawn whitens behind the stark shapes of trees on the quivering summit of the hill? A kiss, and all was said. -Victor Hugo': 1} 
die {'Live as if you were to die tomorrow. Learn as if you were to live forever. -Mahatma Gandhi': 1, 'In the long run, we shape our lives and we shape ourselves. The process never ends until we die, and the choices that we make are ultimately our responsibility. -Eleanor Roosevelt': 1, 'Life does not cease to be funny when people die any more than it ceases to be serious when people laugh. -George Bernard Shaw': 1, 'Alexander, Caesar, Charlemagne, and myself founded empires; but what foundation did we rest the creations of our genius? Upon force. Jesus Christ founded an empire upon love; and at this hour millions of men would die for Him. -Napoleon Bonaparte': 1, 'The object of war is not to die for your country but to make the other bastard die for his. -George Patton': 2, 'The hour of departure has arrived, and we go our ways - I to die, and you to live. Which is better God only knows. -Plato': 1, 'Cowards die many times before their deaths. The valiant never taste of death but once. -William Shakespeare': 1, 'When we die, our bodies are buried. When we live, our souls are buried. -Jason Mechalek': 1} 
permits {'Television is a medium of entertainment which permits millions of people to listen to the same joke at the same time, and yet remain lonesome. -T.S. Eliot': 1} 
puppy {"A University of Chicago professor said the greatest day in the world was when a water puppy crawled out on land and decided to stay. The water puppy, he said, went on to become a man. If he proves that, I am willing to give up Christmas, Thanksgiving, and New Year's Day, and to celebrate Water Puppy Day. -William Jennings Bryan": 3} 
gum {'This will never be a civilized country until we expend more money for books than we do for chewing gum. -Elbert Hubbard': 1} 
standards {"We all wish to be judged by our peers, by the men 'after our own heart.' Only they really know our mind and only they judge it by standards we fully acknowledge. Theirs is the praise we really covet and the blame we really dread. The little pockets of early Chrstians survived because they cared exclusively for the love of 'the bretheren' and stopped their ears to the opinion of the Pagan society around them. But a circle of criminals, cranks, or perverts survives in just the same way; by becoming deaf to the opinion of the outer world, by discounting it as the chatter of outsiders who 'don't understand,' of the 'conventional,' the 'bourgeois,' the 'Establishment,' of prigs, prudes, and humbugs. -C.S. Lewis": 1} 
leave {'Always leave something to wish for; otherwise you will be miserable from your very happiness. -Baltasar Gracian': 1, 'Remember not only to say the right thing in the right place, but far more difficult still, to leave unsaid the wrong thing at the tempting moment. -Benjamin Franklin': 1} 
solved {'No easy problem ever comes to the President of the United States. If they are easy to solve, somebody else has solved them. -John F. Kennedy': 1, 'The significant problems we face cannot be solved at the same level of thinking we were at when we created them. -Albert Einstein': 1} 
settle {'I do not believe one can settle how much we ought to give. I am afraid the only safe rule is to give more than we can spare. -C.S. Lewis': 1, "It is a good idea to ''shop around'' before you settle on a doctor. Ask about the condition of his Mercedes. Ask about the competence of his mechanic. Don't be shy! After all, you're paying for it. -Dave Barry": 1} 
excellence {'We are what we repeatedly do. Excellence, therefore, is not an act, but a habit. -Aristotle': 1, 'Happiness is the full use of your powers along lines of excellence. -John F. Kennedy': 1} 
guitars {"If your kid makes one of those little homemade guitars out of a cigar box and rubber bands, don't let him just play it once or twice and then throw it away. Make him practice on it, every day, for about three hours a day. Later, he'll thank you. -Jack Handey": 1} 
yale {"Thus far, the reputed idiot Bush has graduated from Yale and Harvard, made a stack of cash in the oil industry, become the first consecutive-term governor of Texas, defeated a dual-term VP for the presidency, and led his party to [November 5th's] extraordinary triumphs. Let his opponents keep calling him stupid; if they do, within five years Bush will be King of England, the Pope, and world Formula One motor racing champion. -Tim Blair": 1} 
quick {'The things that will destroy America are prosperity at any price, peace at any price, safety first instead of duty first, the love of soft living and the get rich quick theory of life. -Theodore Roosevelt': 1} 
guy {"The function of RAM is to give us guys a way of deciding whose computer has the biggest, studliest, most tumescent MEMORY. This is important, because with today's complex software, the more memory a computer has, the faster it can produce error messages. So the bottom line is, if you're a guy, you cannot have enough RAM. -Dave Barry": 1, "I'm a middle age white guy, which means I'm constantly reminded that my particular group is responsible for the oppression of every known minority PLUS most wars PLUS government corruption PLUS pollution of the environment, not to mention that it was middle-age white guys who killed Bambi's mom. -Dave Barry": 1, 'Opera is when a guy gets stabbed in the back and, instead of bleeding, he sings. -Ed Gardner': 1, "Instead of a trap door, what about a trap window? The guy looks out it, and if he leans too far, he falls out. Wait. I guess that's like a regular window. -Jack Handey": 1} 
woven {'America is not like a blanket: one piece of unbroken cloth, the same color, the same texture, the same size. America is more like a quilt: many patches, many pieces, many colors, many sizes, all woven and held together by a common thread. -Jesse Jackson': 1} 
round {'Love anything and your heart will be wrung and possibly broken. If you want to make sure of keeping it intact you must give it to no one, not even an animal. Wrap it carefully round with hobbies and little luxuries; avoid all entanglements. Lock it up safe in the casket or coffin of your selfishness. But in that casket, safe, dark, motionless, airless, it will change. It will not be broken; it will become unbreakable, impenetrable, irredeemable. To love is to be vulnerable. -C.S. Lewis': 1} 
added {'A few hours of mountain climbing turn a villain and a saint into two rather equal creature. Exhaustion is the shortest way to equality and fraternity, and liberty is added eventually by sleep. -Friedrich Nietzsche': 1} 
prevent {'This does not mean that the enemy is to be allowed to escape. The object is to make him believe that there is a road to safety, and thus prevent his fighting with the courage of despair. After that, you may crush him. -Sun Tzu': 1} 
spiritual {'In the Orthodox spiritual tradition, the ultimate moral question we ask is the following: Is what we are doing, is what I am doing, beautiful or not? -Carolyn Gifford': 1, 'God does not give heed to the ambitiousness of our prayers, because he is always ready to give to us his light, not a visible light but an intellectual and spiritual one; but we are not always ready to receive it when we turn aside and down to other things out of a desire for temporal things. -Saint Augustine': 1} 
revolution {'Freedom is the right to question and change the established way of doing things. It is the continuous revolution of the marketplace. It is the understanding that allows us to recognize shortcomings and seek solutions. -Ronald Reagan': 1, 'Those who make peaceful revolution impossible will make violent revolution inevitable. -John F. Kennedy': 2} 
says {'When an American says that he loves his country, he means not only that he loves the New England hills, the prairies glistening in the sun, the wide and rising plains, the great mountains, and the sea. He means that he loves an inner air, an inner light in which freedom lives and in which a man can draw the breath of self-respect. -Adlai Stevenson': 1, 'Through pride we are ever deceiving ourselves. But deep down below the surface of the average conscience a still, small voice says to us, something is out of tune. -Carl Jung': 1, "I think computer viruses should count as life. I think it says something about human nature that the only form of life we have created so far is purely destructive. We've created life in our own image. -Stephen Hawking": 1, "Immature love says: 'I love you because I need you.' Mature love says: 'I need you because I love you.' -Erich Fromm": 2, "To me, it's always a good idea to always carry two sacks of something when you walk around. That way, if anybody says, 'Hey, can you give me a hand?,' you can say, 'Sorry, got these sacks.' -Jack Handey": 1} 
irritates {'Everything that irritates us about others can lead us to an understanding of ourselves. -Carl Jung': 1} 
dealing {'All virtue is summed up in dealing justly. -Aristotle': 1} 
prediction {'Prediction is very difficult, especially about the future. -Niels Bohr': 1} 
affiliation {'This country was built on rape, slavery, murder, degradation and affiliation with crime. -Mike Tyson': 1} 
helen keller {'The best and most beautiful things in the world cannot be seen or even touched. They must be felt with the heart. -Helen Keller': 1, 'The world is full of suffering. It is also full of overcoming it. -Helen Keller': 1} 
talker {'There is only one rule for being a good talker - learn to listen. -Christopher Morley': 1} 
hermann goering {'Of course the people dont want war...that is understood. But voice or no voice, the people can always be brought to the bidding of the leaders. That is easy. All you have to do is tell them they are being attacked, and denounce the pacifists for lack of patriotism and exposing the country to danger. It works the same in any country. -Hermann Goering': 1} 
port {'If the primary aim of a captain were to preserve his ship, he would keep it in port forever. -Thomas Aquinas': 1} 
substitute {'Humility is no substitute for a good personality. -Fran Lebowitz': 1, 'We know too much, and are convinced of too little. Our literature is a substitute for religion, and so is our religion. -T.S. Eliot': 1, 'There is no substitute for hard work. -Thomas Edison': 1} 
coat {'Slang is the language which takes off its coat, spits on its hands - and goes to work. -Carl Sandburg': 1} 
constitution {'The ACLU is always yakking about the Constitution, and most of us are getting mighty tired of it. I mean, if the Constitution is so great, how come it was amended so many times? Huh? -Dave Barry': 2, "You give me a credit to which I have no claim in calling me 'the writer of the Constitution of the United States.' This was not, like the fabled Goddess of Wisdom, the offspring of a single brain. It ought to be regarded as the work of many heads and many hands. -James Madison": 1, 'If there is any principle of the Constitution that more imperatively calls for attachment than any other it is the principle of free thought, not free thought for those who agree with us but freedom for the thought that we hate. -Oliver Wendell Holmes': 1, "Without computers, the government would be unable to function at the level of effectiveness and efficiency that we have come to expect.  This is because the primary function of the government is -- and here I am quoting directly from the U.S. Constitution -- 'to spew out paper.' -Dave Barry": 1} 
jesse jackson {"When we're unemployed, we're called lazy; when the whites are unemployed it's called a depression. -Jesse Jackson": 1, 'In politics, an organized minority is a political majority. -Jesse Jackson': 1, 'Your children need your presence more than your presents. -Jesse Jackson': 1, 'America is not like a blanket: one piece of unbroken cloth, the same color, the same texture, the same size. America is more like a quilt: many patches, many pieces, many colors, many sizes, all woven and held together by a common thread. -Jesse Jackson': 1, 'Deliberation and debate is the way you stir the soul of our democracy. -Jesse Jackson': 1} 
celebrated {'Christmas can be celebrated in the school room with pine trees, tinsel and reindeers, but there must be no mention of the man whose birthday is being celebrated. One wonders how a teacher would answer if a student asked why it was called Christmas. -Ronald Reagan': 2} 
adam smith {'Such is the delicacy of man alone, that no object is produced to his liking. He finds that in everything there is need for improvement. The whole industry of human life is employed not in procuring the supply of our three humble necessities, food, clothes and lodging, but in procuring the conveniences of it according to the nicety and delicacy of our tastes. -Adam Smith': 1, 'That the innocent, though they may have some connexion or dependency upon the guilty (which, perhaps, they themselves cannot help), should not, upon that account, suffer or be punished for the guilty, is one of the plainest and most obvious rules of justice. -Adam Smith': 1, 'Man was made for action, and to promote by the exertion of his faculties such changes in the external circumstances both of himself and others, as may seem most favourable to the happiness of all. -Adam Smith': 1} 
pleased {"To be pleased with one's limits is a wretched state. -Johann Wolfgang von Goethe": 1} 
suspect {'Guard with jealous attention the public liberty. Suspect everyone who approaches that jewel. -Patrick Henry': 1} 
goes {'Slang is the language which takes off its coat, spits on its hands - and goes to work. -Carl Sandburg': 1, '\x93Take a chance! All life is a chance. The man who goes farthest is generally the one who is willing to do and dare. -Dale Carnegie': 1, "All I want out of life, is that when I walk down the street folks will say, 'There goes the greatest hitter that ever lived.' -Ted Williams": 1, "To me, clowns aren't funny. In fact, they're kinda scary. I've wondered where this started, and I think it goes back to the time I went to the circus and a clown killed my dad. -Jack Handey": 1} 
sundae {'Any reviewer who expresses rage and loathing for a novel is preposterous. He or she is like a person who has put on full armor and attacked a hot fudge sundae. -Kurt Vonnegut': 1} 
international {'Few people think more than two or three times a year. I have made an international reputation for myself by thinking once or twice a week. -George Bernard Shaw': 1, 'If the United Nations once admits that international disputes can be settled by using force, then we will have destroyed the foundation of the organization and our best hope of establishing a world order. -Dwight Eisenhower': 1} 
falling {'The leading cause of death among fashion models is falling through street grates. -Dave Barry': 1, 'The laws of gravity cannot be held responsible for people falling in love. -Albert Einstein': 1, 'A successful marriage requires falling in love many times, always with the same person. -Germaine Greer': 1} 
appeal {'The broad masses of a population are more amenable to the appeal of rhetoric than to any other force. -Adolf Hitler': 1} 
cynically {"I once said cynically of a politician, 'He'll doublecross that bridge when he comes to it.' -Oscar Levant": 1} 
filled {'Cooking was invented in prehistoric times, when a primitive tribe had a lucky accident. The tribe had killed an animal and was going to eat it raw, when a tribe member named Woog tripped and dropped it into the fire. At first the other tribe members were angry at Woog, but then, as the aroma of burning meat filled the air, they had an idea. So they ate Woog raw. -Dave Barry': 1} 
cleaner {'What the country needs is dirtier fingernails and cleaner minds. -Will Rogers': 1} 
supporting {'Those who expect to reap the blessings of freedom must, like men, undergo the fatigue of supporting it. -Thomas Paine': 1} 
dictates {'To be a philosopher is not merely to have subtle thoughts; but so to love wisdom as to live according to its dictates. -Henry Thoreau': 1} 
honour {'Never give in--never, never, never, never, in nothing great or small, large or petty, never give in except to convictions of honour and good sense. Never yield to force; never yield to the apparently overwhelming might of the enemy. -Winston Churchill': 1, "Unless the religious claims of the Bible are again acknowledged, its literary claims will, I think, be given only 'mouth honour' and that decreasingly. -C.S. Lewis": 1} 
funeral {"I didn't attend the funeral, but I sent a nice letter saying I approved of it. -Mark Twain": 1} 
adlai stevenson {'Nothing so dates a man as to decry the younger generation. -Adlai Stevenson': 1, 'When an American says that he loves his country, he means not only that he loves the New England hills, the prairies glistening in the sun, the wide and rising plains, the great mountains, and the sea. He means that he loves an inner air, an inner light in which freedom lives and in which a man can draw the breath of self-respect. -Adlai Stevenson': 1, 'A free society is one where it is safe to be unpopular. -Adlai Stevenson': 1, 'Patriotism is not short, frenzied outbursts of emotion, but the tranquil and steady dedication of a lifetime. -Adlai Stevenson': 1} 
inspiring {'The United States stands at the pinnacle of world power. This is a solemn moment for the American democracy. For with primacy in power is joined an awe-inspiring accountability for the future. -Winston Churchill': 1} 
understanding {'The best of life is conversation, and the greatest success is confidence, or perfect understanding between two people. -Ralph Waldo Emerson': 1, 'Freedom is the right to question and change the established way of doing things. It is the continuous revolution of the marketplace. It is the understanding that allows us to recognize shortcomings and seek solutions. -Ronald Reagan': 1, 'Everything that irritates us about others can lead us to an understanding of ourselves. -Carl Jung': 1} 
water {'Ocean: A body of water occupying 2/3 of a world made for man...who has no gills. -Ambrose Bierce': 1, 'Man [has] always assumed that he was more intelligent than dolphins because he had achieved so much-the wheel, New York, wars and so on-while all the dolphins had ever done was muck about in the water having a good time. But conversely, the dolphins had always believed that they were far more intelligent than man-for precisely the same reason. -Douglas Adams': 1, "A University of Chicago professor said the greatest day in the world was when a water puppy crawled out on land and decided to stay. The water puppy, he said, went on to become a man. If he proves that, I am willing to give up Christmas, Thanksgiving, and New Year's Day, and to celebrate Water Puppy Day. -William Jennings Bryan": 3} 
entertainer {'An actor is at most a poet and at least an entertainer. -Marlon Brando': 1} 
sorry {"To me, it's always a good idea to always carry two sacks of something when you walk around. That way, if anybody says, 'Hey, can you give me a hand?,' you can say, 'Sorry, got these sacks.' -Jack Handey": 1} 
questioning {'Under the doctrine of the separation of powers, the manner in which the president personally exercises his assigned executive powers is not subject to questioning by another branch of government. -Richard Nixon': 1} 
alone {'There is one thing alone that stands the brunt of life throughout its course: a quiet conscience. -Euripides': 1, 'Such is the delicacy of man alone, that no object is produced to his liking. He finds that in everything there is need for improvement. The whole industry of human life is employed not in procuring the supply of our three humble necessities, food, clothes and lodging, but in procuring the conveniences of it according to the nicety and delicacy of our tastes. -Adam Smith': 1, 'It is error alone which needs the support of government. Truth can stand by itself. -Thomas Jefferson': 1, "Talent alone won't make you a success. Neither will being in the right place at the right time, unless you are ready. The most important question is: 'Are you ready?' -Johnny Carson": 1, 'The difference between sex and death is that with death you can do it alone and no one is going to make fun of you. -Woody Allen': 1, "Associate yourself with men of good quality if you esteem your own reputation; for 'tis better to be alone than in bad company. -George Washington": 1, 'No human relation gives one possession in another...every two souls are absolutely different. In friendship and in love, the two side by side raise hands together to find what one cannot reach alone. -Kahlil Gibran': 1, 'Love is repaid by love alone! -Mother Teresa': 1, 'Knowledge rests not upon truth alone, but upon error also. -Carl Jung': 1, 'That is the true season of love, when we believe that we alone can love, that no one could ever have loved so before us, and that no one will love in the same way after us. -Johann Wolfgang von Goethe': 1} 
along {'Happiness is the full use of your powers along lines of excellence. -John F. Kennedy': 1, "What sunshine is to flowers, smiles are to humanity. These are but trifles, to be sure; but scattered along life's pathway, the good they do is inconceivable. -Joseph Addison": 1, "Never continue in a job you don't enjoy. If you're happy in what you're doing, you'll like yourself, you'll have inner peace. And if you have that, along with physical health, you will have had more success than you could possibly have imagined. -Johnny Carson": 1, 'The object of teaching a child is to enable him to get along without a teacher. -Elbert Hubbard': 1, 'Men have always been afraid that women could get along without them. -Margaret Mead': 1} 
teacher {'Christmas can be celebrated in the school room with pine trees, tinsel and reindeers, but there must be no mention of the man whose birthday is being celebrated. One wonders how a teacher would answer if a student asked why it was called Christmas. -Ronald Reagan': 1, 'The object of teaching a child is to enable him to get along without a teacher. -Elbert Hubbard': 1, 'Time is a great teacher, but unfortunately it kills all its pupils. -Louis Hector Berlioz': 1} 
change {'Love anything and your heart will be wrung and possibly broken. If you want to make sure of keeping it intact you must give it to no one, not even an animal. Wrap it carefully round with hobbies and little luxuries; avoid all entanglements. Lock it up safe in the casket or coffin of your selfishness. But in that casket, safe, dark, motionless, airless, it will change. It will not be broken; it will become unbreakable, impenetrable, irredeemable. To love is to be vulnerable. -C.S. Lewis': 1, 'The customs and fashions of men change like leaves on the bough, some of which go and others come. -Dante Alighieri': 1, 'You are young, my son, and, as the years go by, time will change and even reverse many of your present opinions. Refrain therefore awhile from setting yourself up as a judge of the highest matters. -Plato': 1, 'Freedom is the right to question and change the established way of doing things. It is the continuous revolution of the marketplace. It is the understanding that allows us to recognize shortcomings and seek solutions. -Ronald Reagan': 1, "Don't ask God to change the laws of nature for you. -Nachman of Bratslav": 1, "Don't knock the weather; nine-tenths of the people couldn't start a conversation if it didn't change once in a while. -Kin Hubbard": 1, 'You must be the change you wish to see in the world. -Mahatma Gandhi': 1, 'Observe constantly that all things take place by change, and accustom thyself to consider that the nature of the Universe love nothing so much as to change. The Universe is change. -Marcus Aurelius': 3} 
wait {"We seem to be going through a period of nostalgia, and everyone seems to think yesterday was better than today. I don't think it was, and I would advise you not to wait ten years before admitting today was great. If you're hung up on nostalgia, pretend today is yesterday and just go out and have one hell of a time. -Art Buchwald": 1, 'Were it possible for us to wait for ourselves to come into the room, not many of us would find our hearts breaking into flower as we heard the door handle turn. -Rebecca West': 1, "Instead of a trap door, what about a trap window? The guy looks out it, and if he leans too far, he falls out. Wait. I guess that's like a regular window. -Jack Handey": 1} 
box {"If your kid makes one of those little homemade guitars out of a cigar box and rubber bands, don't let him just play it once or twice and then throw it away. Make him practice on it, every day, for about three hours a day. Later, he'll thank you. -Jack Handey": 1, "There are people who put their dreams in a little box and say, Yes, I've got dreams, of course I've got dreams. Then they put the box away and bring it out once in awhile to look in it, and yep, they're still there. -Erna Bombeck": 2} 
charles schulz {"Don't worry about the world coming to an end today. It's already tomorrow in Australia. -Charles Schulz": 1, "My life has no purpose, no direction, no aim, no meaning, and yet I'm happy. I can't figure it out. What am I doing right? -Charles Schulz": 1} 
cuckoo {'You know what the fellow said: In Italy for thirty years under the Borgias they had warfare, terror, murder, and bloodshed, but they produced Michaelangelo, Leonardo Da Vinci, and the Renaissance. In Switzerland, they had brotherly love--they had five hundred years of democracy and peace, and what did they produce? The cuckoo clock. -Orson Welles': 1} 
healthy {'For each illness that doctors cure with medicine, they provoke ten in healthy people by inoculating them with the virus that is a thousand times more powerful than any microbe: the idea that one is ill. -Marcel Proust': 1} 
my {"May God have mercy upon my enemies, because I won't. -George Patton": 1, "Don't walk in front of me, I may not follow. Don't walk behind me, I may not lead. Just walk beside me and be my friend. -Albert Camus": 1, 'I will honor Christmas in my heart, and try to keep it all the year. -Charles Dickens': 1, "To me, clowns aren't funny. In fact, they're kinda scary. I've wondered where this started, and I think it goes back to the time I went to the circus and a clown killed my dad. -Jack Handey": 1, 'You are young, my son, and, as the years go by, time will change and even reverse many of your present opinions. Refrain therefore awhile from setting yourself up as a judge of the highest matters. -Plato': 1, 'I was angry with my friend I told my wrath, my wrath did end. I was angry with my foe: I told it not, my wrath did grow. -William Blake': 5, 'The first thing I do in the morning is brush my teeth and sharpen my tongue. -Dorothy Parker': 2, 'My aim is to put down on paper what I see and what I feel in the best and simplest way. -Ernest Hemingway': 1, 'I hope that when you are my age, you will be able to say as I have been able to say: We lived in freedom. We lived lives that were a statement, not an apology. -Ronald Reagan': 1, 'It has been said that man is a rational animal. All my life I have been searching for evidence which could support this. -Bertrand Russell': 1, "I told my psychiatrist that everyone hates me. He said I was being ridiculous - everyone hasn't met me yet. -Rodney Dangerfield": 1, 'Perhaps one of the most important accomplishments of my administration has been minding my own business. -Calvin Coolidge': 2, 'My main objective is to be professional but to kill him. -Mike Tyson': 1, 'My friends are my estate. -Emily Dickinson': 2, "I'm the type who'd be happy not going anywhere as long as I was sure I knew exactly what was happening at the places I wasn't going to. I'm the type who'd like to sit home and watch every party that I'm invited to on a monitor in my bedroom. -Andy Warhol": 1, 'My formula for success is rise early, work late, and strike oil. -Paul Getty': 1, 'I have never let my schooling interfere with my education. -Mark Twain': 2, 'I thought it completely absurd to mention my name in the same breath as the Presidency. -Dwight Eisenhower': 1, 'I feel impelled to speak today in a language that in a sense is new-one which I, who have spent so much of my life in the military profession, would have preferred never to use. That new language is the language of atomic warfare. -Dwight Eisenhower': 1, 'If I feel physically as if the top of my head were taken off, I know that is poetry. -Emily Dickinson': 1, "My role in society, or any artist's or poet's role, is to try and express what we all feel. Not to tell people how to feel. Not as a preacher, not as a leader, but as a reflection of us all. -John Lennon": 1, 'If my children wake up on Christmas morning and have someone to thank for putting candy in their stocking, have I no one to thank for putting two feet in mine? -GK Chesterton': 1, 'Children today know more about sex than I or my father did. -Bill Cosby': 1, "The right to swing my fist ends where the other man's nose begins. -Oliver Wendell Holmes": 1, 'When I took office, only high energy physicists had ever heard of what is called the Worldwide Web....now even my cat has its own page. -Bill Clinton': 1, "I'm a middle age white guy, which means I'm constantly reminded that my particular group is responsible for the oppression of every known minority PLUS most wars PLUS government corruption PLUS pollution of the environment, not to mention that it was middle-age white guys who killed Bambi's mom. -Dave Barry": 1, "I'm never going to be famous. My name will never be writ large on the roster of Those Who Do Things. I don't do any thing. Not one single thing. I used to bite my nails, but I don't even do that any more. -Dorothy Parker": 2, "Forgive, O Lord, my little jokes on Thee, and I'll forgive Thy great big joke on me. -Robert Frost": 1, 'The Bible is not my book, and Christianity is not my religion. I could never give assent to the long, complicated statements of Christian dogma. -Abraham Lincoln': 2, 'I arrive at the end of this review having done my duty as a critic. I have described the movie accurately and you have a good idea what you are in for if you go to see it. Most of you will not. I cannot argue with you. Some of you will--the brave and the curious. You embody the spirit of the man who first wondered what it would taste like to eat an oyster. -Roger Ebert': 1, 'My life is my message. -Mahatma Gandhi': 2, "I have come to the conclusion that my subjective account of my motivation is largely mythical on almost all occasions. I don't know why I do things. -J.B.S. Haldane": 2, 'My mind is my own church. -Thomas Paine': 2, "How did it get so late so soon? It's night before it's afternoon. December is here before it's June. My goodness how the time has flewn. How did it get so late so soon? -Theodor Seuss Geisel": 1, "I realise that I'm making gender-based generalizations here, but my feeling is that if God did not want us to make gender-based generalizations, She would not have given us genders. -Dave Barry": 1, 'My dream is of a place and a time where America will once again be seen as the last best hope of earth. -Abraham Lincoln': 1, 'As I would not be a slave, so I would not be a master. This expresses my idea of democracy. Whatever differs from this, to the extent of the difference, is no democracy. -Abraham Lincoln': 1, 'I could not handle being a woman, I would stay home all day and play with my breasts. -Steve Martin': 1, 'My most brilliant achievement was my ability to be able to persuade my wife to marry me. -Winston Churchill': 3, "My life has no purpose, no direction, no aim, no meaning, and yet I'm happy. I can't figure it out. What am I doing right? -Charles Schulz": 1} 
guilty {'That the innocent, though they may have some connexion or dependency upon the guilty (which, perhaps, they themselves cannot help), should not, upon that account, suffer or be punished for the guilty, is one of the plainest and most obvious rules of justice. -Adam Smith': 2, "When they call the roll in the Senate, the Senators do not know whether to answer 'Present' or 'Not guilty.' -Theodore Roosevelt": 1} 
commonly {'The power of accurate observation is commonly called cynicism by those who have not got it. -George Bernard Shaw': 1} 
carl sagan {'Imagination will often carry us to worlds that never were. But without it, we go nowhere. -Carl Sagan': 1} 
redoubling {'Fanaticism consists of redoubling your efforts when you have forgotten your aim. -George Santayana': 1} 
usually {'If you start to think about your physical or moral condition, you usually find that you are sick. -Johann Wolfgang von Goethe': 1, 'And what\x92s romance? Usually, a nice little tale where you have everything As You Like It, where rain never wets your jacket and gnats never bite your nose and it\x92s always daisy-time. -D.H. Lawrence': 1, "Those who are preoccupied with 'making a statement' usually don't have any statements worth making. -Thomas Sowell": 1, 'No doubt those who really founded modern science were usually those whose love of truth exceeded their love of power. -C.S. Lewis': 1} 
weird {'Nothing separates the generations more than music. By the time a child is eight or nine, he has developed a passion for his own music that is even stronger than his passions for procrastination and weird clothes. -Bill Cosby': 1} 
studies {'As every divided kingdom falls, so every mind divided between many studies confounds and saps itself. -Leonardo da Vinci': 1} 
jill ruckleshaus {'The best way to win an argument is to begin by being right. -Jill Ruckleshaus': 1} 
love {'I love deadlines. I especially like the whooshing sound they make as they go flying by. -Douglas Adams': 1, 'Love means loving the unlovable - or it is no virtue at all. -GK Chesterton': 1, "It's not how much we give but how much love we put into giving. -Mother Teresa": 1, "Where there's marriage without love, there will be love without marriage. -Benjamin Franklin": 2, 'To write a good love letter, you ought to begin without knowing what you mean to say and to finish without knowing what you have written. -Jean-Jacques Rousseau': 1, 'I love writing. I love the swirl and swing of words as they tangle with human emotions. -James Michener': 2, 'A successful marriage requires falling in love many times, always with the same person. -Germaine Greer': 1, 'The things that will destroy America are prosperity at any price, peace at any price, safety first instead of duty first, the love of soft living and the get rich quick theory of life. -Theodore Roosevelt': 1, 'Three grand essentials to happiness in this life are something to do, something to love, and something to hope for. -Joseph Addison': 1, 'Love anything and your heart will be wrung and possibly broken. If you want to make sure of keeping it intact you must give it to no one, not even an animal. Wrap it carefully round with hobbies and little luxuries; avoid all entanglements. Lock it up safe in the casket or coffin of your selfishness. But in that casket, safe, dark, motionless, airless, it will change. It will not be broken; it will become unbreakable, impenetrable, irredeemable. To love is to be vulnerable. -C.S. Lewis': 2, 'There are fathers who do not love their children; there is no grandfather who does not adore his grandson. -Victor Hugo': 1, 'To be a philosopher is not merely to have subtle thoughts; but so to love wisdom as to live according to its dictates. -Henry Thoreau': 1, 'If music be the food of love, play on. -William Shakespeare': 1, 'The greatest pleasure of life is love. -William Temple': 1, 'No human relation gives one possession in another...every two souls are absolutely different. In friendship and in love, the two side by side raise hands together to find what one cannot reach alone. -Kahlil Gibran': 1, 'Fatherhood is pretending the present you love most is soap on-a-rope. -Bill Cosby': 1, 'Love yourself first and everything else falls into line. You really have to love yourself to get anything done in this world. -Lucille Ball': 2, 'Those whom the gods love grow young. -Oscar Wilde': 1, "I love argument, I love debate. I don't expect anyone just to sit there and agree with me, that's not their job. -Margaret Thatcher": 2, 'Love is the wisdom of the fool and the folly of the wise. -Samuel Johnson': 1, 'Since love grows within you, so beauty grows. For love is the beauty of the soul. -Saint Augustine': 2, 'That is the true season of love, when we believe that we alone can love, that no one could ever have loved so before us, and that no one will love in the same way after us. -Johann Wolfgang von Goethe': 3, 'Love is a fruit in season at all times, and within reach of every hand. -Mother Teresa': 1, 'Alexander, Caesar, Charlemagne, and myself founded empires; but what foundation did we rest the creations of our genius? Upon force. Jesus Christ founded an empire upon love; and at this hour millions of men would die for Him. -Napoleon Bonaparte': 1, "I love Thanksgiving. It's the only time in Los Angeles that you see natural breasts. -Arnold Schwarzenegger": 1, "We all wish to be judged by our peers, by the men 'after our own heart.' Only they really know our mind and only they judge it by standards we fully acknowledge. Theirs is the praise we really covet and the blame we really dread. The little pockets of early Chrstians survived because they cared exclusively for the love of 'the bretheren' and stopped their ears to the opinion of the Pagan society around them. But a circle of criminals, cranks, or perverts survives in just the same way; by becoming deaf to the opinion of the outer world, by discounting it as the chatter of outsiders who 'don't understand,' of the 'conventional,' the 'bourgeois,' the 'Establishment,' of prigs, prudes, and humbugs. -C.S. Lewis": 1, 'Love is repaid by love alone! -Mother Teresa': 2, "To be wise and love exceeds man's might. -William Shakespeare": 1, 'I honestly think it is better to be a failure at something you love than to be a success at something you hate. -George Burns': 1, 'The giving of love is an education in itself. -Eleanor Roosevelt': 1, 'No doubt those who really founded modern science were usually those whose love of truth exceeded their love of power. -C.S. Lewis': 2, "Immature love says: 'I love you because I need you.' Mature love says: 'I need you because I love you.' -Erich Fromm": 4, "If Jack's in love, he's no judge of Jill's beauty. -Benjamin Franklin": 1, 'You know what the fellow said: In Italy for thirty years under the Borgias they had warfare, terror, murder, and bloodshed, but they produced Michaelangelo, Leonardo Da Vinci, and the Renaissance. In Switzerland, they had brotherly love--they had five hundred years of democracy and peace, and what did they produce? The cuckoo clock. -Orson Welles': 1, 'Love is the delightful interval between meeting a beautiful girl and discovering that she looks like a haddock. -John Barrymore': 1, 'It is most unwise for people in love to marry. -George Bernard Shaw': 1, 'Love is the master key which opens the gates of happiness. -Oliver Wendell Holmes': 1, 'The magic of first love is our ignorance that it can never end. -Benjamin Disraeli': 1, "Everybody can be great... because anybody can serve. You don't have to have a college degree to serve. You don't have to make your subject and verb agree to serve. You only need a heart full of grace. A soul generated by love. -Martin Luther King Jr.": 1, 'If you judge people, you have no time to love them. -Mother Teresa': 1, 'Love is the triumph of imagination over intelligence. -Henry Mencken': 1, 'Show me your hands. Do they have scars from giving? Show me your feet. Are they wounded in service? Show me your heart. Have you left a place for divine love? -Fulton J. Sheen': 1, 'Children are innocent and love justice, while most adults are wicked and prefer mercy. -GK Chesterton': 1, "Sex without love is a meaningless experience, but as far as meaningless experiences go, it's pretty damn good. -Woody Allen": 1, 'The laws of gravity cannot be held responsible for people falling in love. -Albert Einstein': 1, 'Observe constantly that all things take place by change, and accustom thyself to consider that the nature of the Universe love nothing so much as to change. The Universe is change. -Marcus Aurelius': 1, 'The mintage of wisdom is to know that rest is rust, and that real life is in love, laughter, and work. -Elbert Hubbard': 1} 
doug larson {'The aging process has you firmly in its grasp if you never get the urge to throw a snowball. -Doug Larson': 1} 
merely {'It must be remembered that there is nothing more difficult to plan, more doubtful of success nor more dangerous to manage than the creation of a new system. For the initiator has the enmity of all who profit by the preservation of the old institution and merely lukewarm defenders in those who would gain by the new one. -Nicolo Machiavelli': 1, 'To be a philosopher is not merely to have subtle thoughts; but so to love wisdom as to live according to its dictates. -Henry Thoreau': 1} 
prefer {'Children are innocent and love justice, while most adults are wicked and prefer mercy. -GK Chesterton': 1} 
logical {'To explain the unknown by the known is a logical procedure; to explain the known by the unknown is a form of theological lunacy. -David Brooks': 1} 
embittered {'In any fairly large and talkative community such as a university there is always the danger that those who think alike should gravitate together where they will henceforth encounter opposition only in the emasculated form of rumour that the outsiders say thus and thus. The absent are easily refuted, complacent dogmatism thrives, and differences of opinion are embittered by the group hostility. Each group hears not the best, but the worst, that the other group can say. -C.S. Lewis': 1} 
losing {'Education is the ability to listen to almost anything without losing your temper or your self-confidence. -Robert Frost': 1, 'Success is going from failure to failure without losing enthusiasm. -Winston Churchill': 1} 
paralyzed {'Experts tell us that if the Millennium Bug is not fixed, when the year 2000 arrives, our financial records will be inaccurate, our telephone system will be unreliable, our government will be paralyzed and airline flights will be canceled without warning. In other words, things will be pretty much the same as they are now. -Dave Barry': 1} 
hamburger {'Sacred cows make the best hamburger. -Mark Twain': 1} 
swallowed {'Must not all things at the last be swallowed up in death? -Plato': 1} 
crisis {'The whole life of an American is passed like a game of chance, a revolutionary crisis, or a battle. -Alexis de Tocqueville': 1} 
everybody {"Everybody can be great... because anybody can serve. You don't have to have a college degree to serve. You don't have to make your subject and verb agree to serve. You only need a heart full of grace. A soul generated by love. -Martin Luther King Jr.": 1, 'Not everybody trusts paintings, but people believe photographs. -Ansel Adams': 1} 
dreamed {"I had a dream the other night. I dreamed that Jimmy Carter came to me and asked why I wanted his job. I told him I didn't want his job. I want to be President. -Ronald Reagan": 1} 
wealth {'If we command our wealth, we shall be rich and free; if our wealth commands us, we are poor indeed. -Edmund Burke': 2, "The days of looking the other way while despotic regimes trample human rights, rob their nations' wealth, and then excuse their failings by feeding their people a steady diet of anti-Western hatred are over. -Dick Cheney": 1, 'If a man is proud of his wealth, he should not be praised until it is known how he employs it. -Socrates': 1, 'Money can help you to get medicines but not health. Money can help you to get soft pillows, but not sound sleep. Money can help you to get material comforts, but not eternal bliss. Money can help you to get ornaments, but not beauty. Money will help you to get an electric earphone, but not natural hearing. Attain the supreme wealth, wisdom, and you will have everything. -Benjamin Franklin': 1} 
working {'Inspiration exists, but it has to find you working. -Pablo Picasso': 1} 
homesick {"Christmas is a time when you get homesick, even when you're home. -Carol Nelson": 1} 
sake {"Duties are not performed for duty's sake, but because their neglect would make the man uncomfortable. A man performs but one duty - the duty of contenting his spirit, the duty of making himself agreeable to himself. -Mark Twain": 1} 
angry {'I was angry with my friend I told my wrath, my wrath did end. I was angry with my foe: I told it not, my wrath did grow. -William Blake': 2, 'In the beginning, the universe was created. This made a lot of people very angry, and has been widely regarded as a bad idea. -Douglas Adams': 1, 'When angry, count ten before you speak; if very angry, a hundred. -Thomas Jefferson': 2, 'Cooking was invented in prehistoric times, when a primitive tribe had a lucky accident. The tribe had killed an animal and was going to eat it raw, when a tribe member named Woog tripped and dropped it into the fire. At first the other tribe members were angry at Woog, but then, as the aroma of burning meat filled the air, they had an idea. So they ate Woog raw. -Dave Barry': 1, "Anybody can become angry - that is easy, but to be angry with the right person and to the right degree and at the right time and for the right purpose, and in the right way - that is not within everybody's power and is not easy. -Aristotle": 2} 
quivering {'How did it happen that their lips came together? How does it happen that birds sing, that snow melts, that the rose unfolds, that the dawn whitens behind the stark shapes of trees on the quivering summit of the hill? A kiss, and all was said. -Victor Hugo': 1} 
dude {"You know, there's a million fine looking women in the world, dude. But they don't all bring you lasagna at work. Most of 'em just cheat on you. -Kevin Smith": 1} 
only {"The only reason for time is so that everything doesn't happen at once. -Albert Einstein": 1, 'There is only one rule for being a good talker - learn to listen. -Christopher Morley': 1, 'To be what we are, and to become what we are capable of becoming, is the only end of life. -Robert Louis Stevenson': 1, 'Religion operates not only on the vertical plane but also on the horizontal. It seeks not only to integrate men with God but to integrate men with men and each man with himself. -Martin Luther King Jr.': 2, 'Women are the only realists; their whole object in life is to pit their realism against the extravagant, excessive, and occasionally drunken idealism of men. -GK Chesterton': 1, 'The hour of departure has arrived, and we go our ways - I to die, and you to live. Which is better God only knows. -Plato': 1, "There's no present. There's only the immediate future and the recent past. -George Carlin": 1, "As a woman, I find it very embarrassing to be in a meeting and realize I'm the only one in the room with balls. -Rita Mae Brown": 1, 'An idea that is developed and put into action is more important than an idea that exists only as an idea. -Siddhartha Buddha': 1, "Everybody can be great... because anybody can serve. You don't have to have a college degree to serve. You don't have to make your subject and verb agree to serve. You only need a heart full of grace. A soul generated by love. -Martin Luther King Jr.": 1, 'All men are frauds. The only difference between them is that some admit it. I myself deny it. -Henry Mencken': 1, 'The commonest thing is delightful if only one hides it. -Oscar Wilde': 1, 'I hate war as only a soldier who has lived it can, only as one who has seen its brutality, its futility, its stupidity. -Dwight Eisenhower': 2, 'We live in an age when unnecessary things are our only necessities. -Oscar Wilde': 1, 'When an American says that he loves his country, he means not only that he loves the New England hills, the prairies glistening in the sun, the wide and rising plains, the great mountains, and the sea. He means that he loves an inner air, an inner light in which freedom lives and in which a man can draw the breath of self-respect. -Adlai Stevenson': 1, "We must repsect the other fellow's religion, but only in the sense and to the extent that we respect his theory that his wife is beautiful and his children are smart. -Henry Mencken": 1, 'PRESIDENT, n. The leading figure in a small group of men of whom \x97 and of whom only \x97 it is positively known that immense numbers of their countrymen did not want any of them for President. -Ambrose Bierce': 1, 'I do not believe one can settle how much we ought to give. I am afraid the only safe rule is to give more than we can spare. -C.S. Lewis': 1, 'Heroism is not only in the man, but in the occasion. -Calvin Coolidge': 1, 'We are healed from suffering only by experiencing it to the full. -Marcel Proust': 1, 'On account of being a democracy and run by the people, we are the only nation in the world that has to keep a government four years, no matter what it does. -Will Rogers': 1, 'Karate is a form of marital arts in which people who have had years and years of training can, using only their hands and feet, make some of the worst movies in the history of the world. -Dave Barry': 1, 'One of the striking differences between a cat and a lie is that a cat has only nine lives. -Mark Twain': 1, "Unless the religious claims of the Bible are again acknowledged, its literary claims will, I think, be given only 'mouth honour' and that decreasingly. -C.S. Lewis": 1, 'Four-fifths of all our troubles would disappear, if we would only sit down and keep still. -Calvin Coolidge': 1, 'Of all the animals, man is the only one that lies. -Mark Twain': 1, 'It is only our bad temper that we put down to being tired or worried or hungry; we put our good temper down to ourselves. -C.S. Lewis': 1, 'Egalitarians create the most dangerous inequality of all -- inequality of power. Allowing politicians to determine what all other human beings will be allowed to earn is one of the most reckless gambles imaginable. Like the income tax, it may start off being applied only to the rich but it will inevitably reach us all. -Thomas Sowell': 1, 'Not only does God play dice, but he sometimes throws them where they cannot be seen. -Stephen Hawking': 1, 'In any fairly large and talkative community such as a university there is always the danger that those who think alike should gravitate together where they will henceforth encounter opposition only in the emasculated form of rumour that the outsiders say thus and thus. The absent are easily refuted, complacent dogmatism thrives, and differences of opinion are embittered by the group hostility. Each group hears not the best, but the worst, that the other group can say. -C.S. Lewis': 1, 'When I took office, only high energy physicists had ever heard of what is called the Worldwide Web....now even my cat has its own page. -Bill Clinton': 1, 'Nature is trying very hard to make us succeed, but nature does not depend on us. We are not the only experiment. -Buckminster Fuller': 1, 'I never see what has been done; I only see what remains to be done. -Siddhartha Buddha': 1, "I love Thanksgiving. It's the only time in Los Angeles that you see natural breasts. -Arnold Schwarzenegger": 1, "We all wish to be judged by our peers, by the men 'after our own heart.' Only they really know our mind and only they judge it by standards we fully acknowledge. Theirs is the praise we really covet and the blame we really dread. The little pockets of early Chrstians survived because they cared exclusively for the love of 'the bretheren' and stopped their ears to the opinion of the Pagan society around them. But a circle of criminals, cranks, or perverts survives in just the same way; by becoming deaf to the opinion of the outer world, by discounting it as the chatter of outsiders who 'don't understand,' of the 'conventional,' the 'bourgeois,' the 'Establishment,' of prigs, prudes, and humbugs. -C.S. Lewis": 2, 'The only paradise is paradise lost. -Marcel Proust': 1, "The only kind of seafood I trust is the fish stick, a totally featureless fish that doesn't have eyeballs or fins. -Dave Barry": 1, "The only way to keep your health is to eat what you don't want, drink what you don't like, and do what you'd rather not. -Mark Twain": 1, 'It is the madness of folly, to expect mercy from those who have refused to do justice; and even mercy, where conquest is the object, is only a trick of war; the cunning of the fox is as murderous as the violence of the wolf. -Thomas Paine': 1, 'It is only by doing things others have not that one can advance. -George Patton': 1, 'Man is the only animal that blushes - or needs to. -Mark Twain': 1, 'Rings and jewels are not gifts but apologies for gifts. The only true gift is a portion of yourself. -Ralph Waldo Emerson': 1, 'Remember not only to say the right thing in the right place, but far more difficult still, to leave unsaid the wrong thing at the tempting moment. -Benjamin Franklin': 1, 'Politics is perhaps the only profession for which no preparation is thought necessary. -Robert Louis Stevenson': 1, 'Even if there is only one possible unified theory, it is just a set of rules and equations. What is it that breathes fire into the equations and makes a universe for them to describe? -Stephen Hawking': 1, 'What is now proved was once only imagined. -William Blake': 1, 'God loves each of us as if there were only one of us. -Saint Augustine': 1, "I think computer viruses should count as life. I think it says something about human nature that the only form of life we have created so far is purely destructive. We've created life in our own image. -Stephen Hawking": 1, 'People sleep peaceably in their beds at night only because rough men stand ready to do violence on their behalf. -George Orwell': 1, 'Those who forget good and evil and seek only to know the facts are more likely to achieve good than those who view the world through the distorting medium of their own desires. -Bertrand Russell': 1, 'Theology is only thought applied to religion. -GK Chesterton': 1, 'Not only is there no God, but try finding a plumber on Sunday. -Woody Allen': 1, 'Obstacles do not exist to be surrendered to, but only to be broken. -Adolf Hitler': 1, 'There is only one force of history that can break the reign of hatred and resentment, and expose the pretensions of tyrants, and reward the hopes of the decent and tolerant, and that is the force of human freedom. -George W. Bush': 1, 'If you will not fight for the right when you can easily win without bloodshed; if you will not fight when your victory will be sure and not too costly; you may come to the moment when you will have to fight with all the odds against you and only a small chance of survival. There may even be a worse case: you may have to fight when there is no hope of victory, because it is better to perish than to live as slaves. -Winston Churchill': 1, 'I believe in Christianity as I believe that the sun has risen, not only because I see it, but because by it I see everything else. -C.S. Lewis': 1, 'From the prodigious hilltops of New Hampshire, let freedom ring. From the mighty mountains of New York, let freedom ring. From the heightening Alleghenies of Pennsylvania, let freedom ring. But not only that: Let freedom ring from every hill and molehill of Mississippi. -Martin Luther King Jr.': 1, 'America is the only country ever founded on a creed. -GK Chesterton': 1, 'Though force can protect in emergency, only justice, fairness, consideration and cooperation can finally lead men to the dawn of eternal peace. -Dwight Eisenhower': 1} 
by {'God enters by a private door into every individual. -Ralph Waldo Emerson': 1, "You do not lead by hitting people over the head \x97 that's assault, not leadership. -Dwight Eisenhower": 1, 'Black holes are where God divided by zero. -Steven Wright': 1, 'I love deadlines. I especially like the whooshing sound they make as they go flying by. -Douglas Adams': 1, 'A truly great book should be read in youth, again in maturity and once more in old age, as a fine building should be seen by morning light, at noon and by moonlight. -Robertson Davies': 2, 'You are young, my son, and, as the years go by, time will change and even reverse many of your present opinions. Refrain therefore awhile from setting yourself up as a judge of the highest matters. -Plato': 1, 'It must be remembered that there is nothing more difficult to plan, more doubtful of success nor more dangerous to manage than the creation of a new system. For the initiator has the enmity of all who profit by the preservation of the old institution and merely lukewarm defenders in those who would gain by the new one. -Nicolo Machiavelli': 2, 'The power of accurate observation is commonly called cynicism by those who have not got it. -George Bernard Shaw': 1, 'Though I am not naturally honest, I am sometimes by chance. -William Shakespeare': 1, 'The best way to win an argument is to begin by being right. -Jill Ruckleshaus': 1, 'I have one yardstick by which I test every major problem-and that yardstick is: Is it good for America? -Dwight Eisenhower': 1, 'To explain the unknown by the known is a logical procedure; to explain the known by the unknown is a form of theological lunacy. -David Brooks': 2, 'It is always thus, impelled by a state of mind which is destined not to last, that we make our irrevocable decisions. -Marcel Proust': 1, 'In framing a government which is to be administered by men over men the great difficulty lies in this: You must first enable the government to control the governed, and in the next place, oblige it to control itself. -Alexander Hamilton': 1, 'Nothing separates the generations more than music. By the time a child is eight or nine, he has developed a passion for his own music that is even stronger than his passions for procrastination and weird clothes. -Bill Cosby': 1, 'It behooves every man to remember that the work of the critic is of altogether secondary importance, and that, in the end, progress is accomplished by the man who does things. -Theodore Roosevelt': 1, 'It is error alone which needs the support of government. Truth can stand by itself. -Thomas Jefferson': 1, 'There is nothing funny about Halloween. This sarcastic festival reflects, rather, an infernal demand for revenge by children on the adult world. -Jean Baudrillard': 1, 'By a curious confusion, many modern critics have passed from the proposition that a masterpiece may be unpopular to the other proposition that unless it is unpopular it cannot be a masterpiece. -GK Chesterton': 1, 'Two roads diverged in a wood, and I...I took the one less traveled by, and that has made all the difference. -Robert Frost': 1, 'Few people think more than two or three times a year. I have made an international reputation for myself by thinking once or twice a week. -George Bernard Shaw': 1, 'There is a theory which states that if ever anyone discovers exactly what the Universe is for and why it is here, it will instantly disappear and be replaced by something even more bizarre and inexplicable. There is another theory which states that this has already happened. -Douglas Adams': 1, 'We are healed from suffering only by experiencing it to the full. -Marcel Proust': 1, 'I have never been hurt by what I have not said. -Calvin Coolidge': 1, "Everybody can be great... because anybody can serve. You don't have to have a college degree to serve. You don't have to make your subject and verb agree to serve. You only need a heart full of grace. A soul generated by love. -Martin Luther King Jr.": 1, 'No human relation gives one possession in another...every two souls are absolutely different. In friendship and in love, the two side by side raise hands together to find what one cannot reach alone. -Kahlil Gibran': 1, 'The biggest bore is the person who is bored by everyone and everything. -Frank Tyger': 1, 'Avoid the base hypocrisy of condemning in one man what you pass over in silence when committed by another. -Theodore Roosevelt': 1, 'Men are born ignorant, not stupid; they are made stupid by education. -Bertrand Russell': 1, 'I never knew what real happiness was until I got married, and by then it was too late. -Max Kaufman': 1, 'Every difference of opinion is not a difference of principle. We have called by different names brethren of the same principle. -Thomas Jefferson': 1, 'If the United Nations once admits that international disputes can be settled by using force, then we will have destroyed the foundation of the organization and our best hope of establishing a world order. -Dwight Eisenhower': 1, 'You find out more about God from the Moral Law than from the univerise in general just as you find out more about a man by listening to his conversation than by looking at a house he has built. -C.S. Lewis': 2, 'We make a living by what we get, but we make a life by what we give. -Winston Churchill': 2, 'In any fairly large and talkative community such as a university there is always the danger that those who think alike should gravitate together where they will henceforth encounter opposition only in the emasculated form of rumour that the outsiders say thus and thus. The absent are easily refuted, complacent dogmatism thrives, and differences of opinion are embittered by the group hostility. Each group hears not the best, but the worst, that the other group can say. -C.S. Lewis': 1, 'The health of a democratic society may be measured by the quality of functions performed by private citizens. -Alexis de Tocqueville': 2, 'The mystic chords of memory, stretching from every battlefield and patriot grave to every living heart and hearthstone all over this broad land, will yet swell the chorus of the Union, when again touched, as surely they will be, by the better angels of our nature. -Abraham Lincoln': 1, 'On account of being a democracy and run by the people, we are the only nation in the world that has to keep a government four years, no matter what it does. -Will Rogers': 1, 'Man was made for action, and to promote by the exertion of his faculties such changes in the external circumstances both of himself and others, as may seem most favourable to the happiness of all. -Adam Smith': 1, 'In the councils of government, we must guard against the acquisition of unwarranted influence, whether sought or unsought, by the military-industrial complex. -Dwight Eisenhower': 1, 'She was what we used to call a suicide blond - dyed by her own hand. -Saul Bellow': 1, 'Demoralize the enemy from within by surprise, terror, sabotage, assassination. This is the war of the future. -Adolf Hitler': 1, "We all wish to be judged by our peers, by the men 'after our own heart.' Only they really know our mind and only they judge it by standards we fully acknowledge. Theirs is the praise we really covet and the blame we really dread. The little pockets of early Chrstians survived because they cared exclusively for the love of 'the bretheren' and stopped their ears to the opinion of the Pagan society around them. But a circle of criminals, cranks, or perverts survives in just the same way; by becoming deaf to the opinion of the outer world, by discounting it as the chatter of outsiders who 'don't understand,' of the 'conventional,' the 'bourgeois,' the 'Establishment,' of prigs, prudes, and humbugs. -C.S. Lewis": 5, 'The worst thing that could happen to anybody, would be to not be used for anything by anybody. -Kurt Vonnegut': 1, 'Love is repaid by love alone! -Mother Teresa': 1, "Don't join the book burners. Do not think you are going to conceal thoughts by concealing evidence that they ever existed. -Dwight Eisenhower": 1, 'Too many poets delude themselves by thinking that the mind is dangerous and must be left out. Well, the mind is dangerous and must be left in. -Robert Frost': 1, 'A few hours of mountain climbing turn a villain and a saint into two rather equal creature. Exhaustion is the shortest way to equality and fraternity, and liberty is added eventually by sleep. -Friedrich Nietzsche': 1, "A 'geek' by definition is someone who eats live animals....I've never eaten live animals. -Crispin Glover": 1, 'It is only by doing things others have not that one can advance. -George Patton': 1, 'America is not like a blanket: one piece of unbroken cloth, the same color, the same texture, the same size. America is more like a quilt: many patches, many pieces, many colors, many sizes, all woven and held together by a common thread. -Jesse Jackson': 1, 'Freedom is never voluntarily given by the oppressor; it must be demanded by the oppressed. -Martin Luther King Jr.': 2, 'Some succeed by what they know; some by what they do; and a few by what they are. -Elbert Hubbard': 3, 'Under the doctrine of the separation of powers, the manner in which the president personally exercises his assigned executive powers is not subject to questioning by another branch of government. -Richard Nixon': 1, 'Back in the old days, most families were close-knit. Grown children and their parents continued to live together, under the same roof, sometimes in the same small, crowded room, year in and year out, until they died, frequently by strangulation. -Dave Barry': 1, "By the time we've made it, we've had it. -Malcolm Forbes": 1, 'A mind that is stretched by a new experience can never go back to its old dimensions. -Oliver Wendell Holmes': 1, 'It is by the goodness of God that, in this country, we have three benefits: freedom of speech, freedom of thought, and the wisdom never to use either. -Mark Twain': 1, "The days of looking the other way while despotic regimes trample human rights, rob their nations' wealth, and then excuse their failings by feeding their people a steady diet of anti-Western hatred are over. -Dick Cheney": 1, 'Never judge a philosophy by its abuse. -Saint Augustine': 1, 'For each illness that doctors cure with medicine, they provoke ten in healthy people by inoculating them with the virus that is a thousand times more powerful than any microbe: the idea that one is ill. -Marcel Proust': 1, 'Do good by stealth, and blush to find it fame. -Alexander Pope': 1, 'I believe in Christianity as I believe that the sun has risen, not only because I see it, but because by it I see everything else. -C.S. Lewis': 1, 'Observe constantly that all things take place by change, and accustom thyself to consider that the nature of the Universe love nothing so much as to change. The Universe is change. -Marcus Aurelius': 1} 
live {'Would you live with ease? Do what you ought, not what you please. -Benjamin Franklin': 1, 'Live as if you were to die tomorrow. Learn as if you were to live forever. -Mahatma Gandhi': 2, 'A word is dead when it is said, some say. I say it just begins to live that day. -Emily Dickinson': 1, 'We live in an age when unnecessary things are our only necessities. -Oscar Wilde': 1, 'The truth is always a trick to those who live among lies. -Author Unknown': 1, 'The hour of departure has arrived, and we go our ways - I to die, and you to live. Which is better God only knows. -Plato': 1, "We've got to live. No matter how many skies have fallen. -D.H. Lawrence": 1, 'To be a philosopher is not merely to have subtle thoughts; but so to love wisdom as to live according to its dictates. -Henry Thoreau': 1, 'He that would live in peace and at ease must not speak all he knows or all he sees. -Benjamin Franklin': 1, 'Back in the old days, most families were close-knit. Grown children and their parents continued to live together, under the same roof, sometimes in the same small, crowded room, year in and year out, until they died, frequently by strangulation. -Dave Barry': 1, 'If you will not fight for the right when you can easily win without bloodshed; if you will not fight when your victory will be sure and not too costly; you may come to the moment when you will have to fight with all the odds against you and only a small chance of survival. There may even be a worse case: you may have to fight when there is no hope of victory, because it is better to perish than to live as slaves. -Winston Churchill': 1, "A 'geek' by definition is someone who eats live animals....I've never eaten live animals. -Crispin Glover": 2, "Of all tyrannies, a tyranny exercised for the good of its victims may be the most oppressive. It may be better to live under robber barons than under omnipotent moral busybodies. The robber baron's cruelty may sometimes sleep, his cupidity may at some point be satiated; but those who torment us for our own good will torment us without end, for they do so with the approval of their own conscience. -C.S. Lewis": 1, 'When we die, our bodies are buried. When we live, our souls are buried. -Jason Mechalek': 1} 
fraternizing {"No side will win the Battle of the Sexes. There's too much fraternizing with the enemy. -Henry Kissinger": 1} 
andy {'Andy Warhol made fame more famous. -Fran Lebowitz': 1} 
memory {"The function of RAM is to give us guys a way of deciding whose computer has the biggest, studliest, most tumescent MEMORY. This is important, because with today's complex software, the more memory a computer has, the faster it can produce error messages. So the bottom line is, if you're a guy, you cannot have enough RAM. -Dave Barry": 2, 'The mystic chords of memory, stretching from every battlefield and patriot grave to every living heart and hearthstone all over this broad land, will yet swell the chorus of the Union, when again touched, as surely they will be, by the better angels of our nature. -Abraham Lincoln': 1, 'Anyone who invokes authors in discussion is not using his intelligence but his memory. -Leonardo da Vinci': 1} 
believing {"Reality is that which, when you stop believing in it, doesn't go away. -Phillip K. Dick": 1} 
sharpen {'The first thing I do in the morning is brush my teeth and sharpen my tongue. -Dorothy Parker': 1} 
swagger {"Some folks look at me and see a certain swagger, which in Texas is called 'walking.' -George W. Bush": 1} 
angels {'The mystic chords of memory, stretching from every battlefield and patriot grave to every living heart and hearthstone all over this broad land, will yet swell the chorus of the Union, when again touched, as surely they will be, by the better angels of our nature. -Abraham Lincoln': 1} 
today {'Children today know more about sex than I or my father did. -Bill Cosby': 1, "A nickel isn't worth a dime today. -Yogi Berra": 1, "We seem to be going through a period of nostalgia, and everyone seems to think yesterday was better than today. I don't think it was, and I would advise you not to wait ten years before admitting today was great. If you're hung up on nostalgia, pretend today is yesterday and just go out and have one hell of a time. -Art Buchwald": 3, 'What we are today comes from our thoughts of yesterday and our present thoughts build our life tomorrow. Our life is the creation of our mind. -Siddhartha Buddha': 1, "Don't worry about the world coming to an end today. It's already tomorrow in Australia. -Charles Schulz": 1, 'I feel impelled to speak today in a language that in a sense is new-one which I, who have spent so much of my life in the military profession, would have preferred never to use. That new language is the language of atomic warfare. -Dwight Eisenhower': 1} 
wicked {'Children are innocent and love justice, while most adults are wicked and prefer mercy. -GK Chesterton': 1} 
unwarranted {'In the councils of government, we must guard against the acquisition of unwarranted influence, whether sought or unsought, by the military-industrial complex. -Dwight Eisenhower': 1} 
sharing {'There is no joy in life like the joy of sharing. -Billy Graham': 1} 
afford {'It is one of the blessings of old friends that you can afford to be stupid with them. -Ralph Waldo Emerson': 1} 
assent {'The Bible is not my book, and Christianity is not my religion. I could never give assent to the long, complicated statements of Christian dogma. -Abraham Lincoln': 1} 
watched {"I've worked for four presidents and watched two others up close, and I know that there's no such thing as a routine day in the Oval Office. -Dick Cheney": 1} 
refrain {'You are young, my son, and, as the years go by, time will change and even reverse many of your present opinions. Refrain therefore awhile from setting yourself up as a judge of the highest matters. -Plato': 1} 
chocolate {"I think a good gift for the president would be a chocolate revolver. And since he's so busy, you'd probably have to run up to him and hand it to him. -Jack Handey": 1} 
vladimir nabokov {'I confess, I do not believe in time. -Vladimir Nabokov': 1} 
everywhere {'The eyes of the world are upon you. The hopes and prayers of liberty-loving people everywhere march with you. -Dwight Eisenhower': 1} 
virtue {'It still remains true that no justification of virtue will enable a man to be virtuous. -C.S. Lewis': 1, 'Skepticism is a virtue in history as well as in philosophy. -Napoleon Bonaparte': 1, 'Humility is the foundation of all the other virtues hence, in the soul in which this virtue does not exist there cannot be any other virtue except in mere appearance. -Saint Augustine': 2, 'All virtue is summed up in dealing justly. -Aristotle': 1, 'Love means loving the unlovable - or it is no virtue at all. -GK Chesterton': 1, 'He therefore is the truest friend to the liberty of this country who tries most to promote its virtue, and who, so far as his power and influence extend, will not suffer a man to be chosen into any office of power and trust who is not a wise and virtuous man. -Samuel Adams': 1} 
given {'Imagination is a quality given a man to compensate him for what he is not, and a sense of humor was provided to console him for what he is. -Oscar Wilde': 1, "I realise that I'm making gender-based generalizations here, but my feeling is that if God did not want us to make gender-based generalizations, She would not have given us genders. -Dave Barry": 1, 'Nothing that you have not given away will ever be really yours. -C.S. Lewis': 1, 'Freedom is not something that anybody can be given; freedom is something people take and people are as free as they want to be. -James Baldwin': 1, "Unless the religious claims of the Bible are again acknowledged, its literary claims will, I think, be given only 'mouth honour' and that decreasingly. -C.S. Lewis": 1, 'Freedom is never voluntarily given by the oppressor; it must be demanded by the oppressed. -Martin Luther King Jr.': 1} 
michaelangelo {'You know what the fellow said: In Italy for thirty years under the Borgias they had warfare, terror, murder, and bloodshed, but they produced Michaelangelo, Leonardo Da Vinci, and the Renaissance. In Switzerland, they had brotherly love--they had five hundred years of democracy and peace, and what did they produce? The cuckoo clock. -Orson Welles': 1} 
easiest {'The first principle is that you must not fool yourself - and you are the easiest person to fool. -Richard P. Feynman': 1} 
behalf {'People sleep peaceably in their beds at night only because rough men stand ready to do violence on their behalf. -George Orwell': 1} 
mae west {"Don't marry a man to reform him - that's what reform schools are for. -Mae West": 1, 'Sex is emotion in motion. -Mae West': 1} 
car {"You should do your own car repairs. It's an easy way to save money and possibly maim yourself for life. -Dave Barry": 1, 'Goldie and I did have a car stolen right out of our yard. It took us three days to notice. -Kurt Russell': 1, "Having a male gynecologist is like going to an auto mechanic who doesn't own a car. -Carrie Snow": 1} 
foremost {'As Mankind becomes more liberal, they will be more apt to allow that all those who conduct themselves as worthy members of the community are equally entitled to the protections of civil government. I hope ever to see America among the foremost nations of justice and liberality. -George Washington': 1} 
pretend {"We seem to be going through a period of nostalgia, and everyone seems to think yesterday was better than today. I don't think it was, and I would advise you not to wait ten years before admitting today was great. If you're hung up on nostalgia, pretend today is yesterday and just go out and have one hell of a time. -Art Buchwald": 1} 
soul {'Friendship is a single soul dwelling in two bodies. -Aristotle': 1, 'Certain thoughts are prayers. There are moments when, whatever be the attitude of the body, the soul is on its knees. -Victor Hugo': 1, 'Humility is the foundation of all the other virtues hence, in the soul in which this virtue does not exist there cannot be any other virtue except in mere appearance. -Saint Augustine': 1, 'Deliberation and debate is the way you stir the soul of our democracy. -Jesse Jackson': 1, "Everybody can be great... because anybody can serve. You don't have to have a college degree to serve. You don't have to make your subject and verb agree to serve. You only need a heart full of grace. A soul generated by love. -Martin Luther King Jr.": 1, "The practice of art isn't to make a living. It's to make your soul grow. -Kurt Vonnegut": 1, 'Since love grows within you, so beauty grows. For love is the beauty of the soul. -Saint Augustine': 1} 
believer {'I am a strong believer in luck and I find the harder I work the more I have of it. -Benjamin Franklin': 1} 
cat {"A mathematician is a blind man in a dark room looking for a black cat which isn't there. -Charles Robert": 1, 'One of the striking differences between a cat and a lie is that a cat has only nine lives. -Mark Twain': 2, 'When I took office, only high energy physicists had ever heard of what is called the Worldwide Web....now even my cat has its own page. -Bill Clinton': 1} 
wallet {"Ah, yes, divorce...from the Latin word meaning to rip out a man's genitals through his wallet. -Robin Williams": 1} 
hardest {'Thinking is the hardest work there is, which is the probable reason why so few engage in it. -Henry Ford': 1} 
values {'A people that values its privileges above its principles soon loses both. -Dwight Eisenhower': 1} 
can {"Democracy means that anyone can grow up to be president, and anyone who doesn't grow up can be vice president. -Johnny Carson": 2, 'Freedom is not something that anybody can be given; freedom is something people take and people are as free as they want to be. -James Baldwin': 1, "Dying is the most embarrassing thing that can ever happen to you, because someone's got to take care of all your details. -Andy Warhol": 1, 'The magic of first love is our ignorance that it can never end. -Benjamin Disraeli': 1, 'Nobody can have the consolations of religion or philosophy unless he has first experienced their desolations. -Aldous Huxley': 1, "Happiness is so hard to define and foolish to define. Am I acting? That's the worst thing you can ask yourself. You can be happy suddenly. It can spring on you, not when you reach a plateau. You can be happy going backward or going down. You can be happy at the loss of something. -Steve Martin": 5, "To me, it's always a good idea to always carry two sacks of something when you walk around. That way, if anybody says, 'Hey, can you give me a hand?,' you can say, 'Sorry, got these sacks.' -Jack Handey": 2, 'In any moment of decision, the best thing you can do is the right thing. The worst thing you can do is nothing. -Theodore Roosevelt': 2, 'Money can help you to get medicines but not health. Money can help you to get soft pillows, but not sound sleep. Money can help you to get material comforts, but not eternal bliss. Money can help you to get ornaments, but not beauty. Money will help you to get an electric earphone, but not natural hearing. Attain the supreme wealth, wisdom, and you will have everything. -Benjamin Franklin': 4, 'No one can make you feel inferior without your consent. -Eleanor Roosevelt': 1, 'I hate war as only a soldier who has lived it can, only as one who has seen its brutality, its futility, its stupidity. -Dwight Eisenhower': 1, 'The fruit that can fall without shaking, indeed is too mellow for me. -Lady Mary Wortley Montagu': 1, 'When an American says that he loves his country, he means not only that he loves the New England hills, the prairies glistening in the sun, the wide and rising plains, the great mountains, and the sea. He means that he loves an inner air, an inner light in which freedom lives and in which a man can draw the breath of self-respect. -Adlai Stevenson': 1, 'It is error alone which needs the support of government. Truth can stand by itself. -Thomas Jefferson': 1, 'Education is an admirable thing, but it is well to remember from time to time that nothing that is worth knowing can be taught. -Oscar Wilde': 1, 'Why, you can take the most gallant sailor, the most intrepid airman or the most audacious soldier, put them at a table together - what do you get? The sum of their fears. -Winston Churchill': 1, "Anybody can become angry - that is easy, but to be angry with the right person and to the right degree and at the right time and for the right purpose, and in the right way - that is not within everybody's power and is not easy. -Aristotle": 1, 'People can misinterpret almost anything so that it coincides with views they already hold. They take from art what they already believe. -Stanley Kubrick': 1, 'A leader is a man who can adapt principles to circumstances. -George Patton': 1, 'Karate is a form of marital arts in which people who have had years and years of training can, using only their hands and feet, make some of the worst movies in the history of the world. -Dave Barry': 1, 'Just as your hand, held before the eye, can hide the tallest mountain, so this small earthly life keeps us from seeing the vast radiance that fills the core of the universe. -Nachman of Bratslav': 1, 'Some of your countrymen were unable to distinguish between their native dislike for war and the stainless patriotism of those who suffered its scars. But there has been a rethinking and now we can say to you, and say as a nation, thank you for your courage. -Ronald Reagan': 1, 'You can discover more about a person in an hour of play than in a year of conversation. -Plato': 1, 'If the United Nations once admits that international disputes can be settled by using force, then we will have destroyed the foundation of the organization and our best hope of establishing a world order. -Dwight Eisenhower': 1, 'That is the true season of love, when we believe that we alone can love, that no one could ever have loved so before us, and that no one will love in the same way after us. -Johann Wolfgang von Goethe': 1, "No distance of place or lapse of time can lessen the friendship of those who are thoroughly persuaded of each other's worth. -Robert Southey": 1, 'In any fairly large and talkative community such as a university there is always the danger that those who think alike should gravitate together where they will henceforth encounter opposition only in the emasculated form of rumour that the outsiders say thus and thus. The absent are easily refuted, complacent dogmatism thrives, and differences of opinion are embittered by the group hostility. Each group hears not the best, but the worst, that the other group can say. -C.S. Lewis': 1, 'There can be no liberty unless there is economic liberty. -Margaret Thatcher': 1, 'To defend Western Europe we have to let the Pentagon buy all these tanks and guns and things, and the Pentagon is unable to buy any object that that costs less than a condominium in Vail. If the Pentagon needs, say, fruit, it will argue that it must have fruit that can withstand the rigors of combat conditions, and it will wind up purchasing the FX-700 Seedless Tactical Grape, which will cost $160,000 per bunch, and will have an 83 percent failure rate. -Dave Barry': 1, 'The difference between sex and death is that with death you can do it alone and no one is going to make fun of you. -Woody Allen': 1, 'Of course the people dont want war...that is understood. But voice or no voice, the people can always be brought to the bidding of the leaders. That is easy. All you have to do is tell them they are being attacked, and denounce the pacifists for lack of patriotism and exposing the country to danger. It works the same in any country. -Hermann Goering': 1, 'Ask not what your country can do for you - ask what you can do for your country. -John F. Kennedy': 2, 'Everything that irritates us about others can lead us to an understanding of ourselves. -Carl Jung': 1, 'Christmas can be celebrated in the school room with pine trees, tinsel and reindeers, but there must be no mention of the man whose birthday is being celebrated. One wonders how a teacher would answer if a student asked why it was called Christmas. -Ronald Reagan': 1, "The function of RAM is to give us guys a way of deciding whose computer has the biggest, studliest, most tumescent MEMORY. This is important, because with today's complex software, the more memory a computer has, the faster it can produce error messages. So the bottom line is, if you're a guy, you cannot have enough RAM. -Dave Barry": 1, 'If variety is the spice of life, marriage is the big can of leftover Spam. -Johnny Carson': 1, 'A mind that is stretched by a new experience can never go back to its old dimensions. -Oliver Wendell Holmes': 1, 'The surface of American society is covered with a layer of democratic paint, but from time to time one can see the old aristocratic colours breaking through. -Alexis de Tocqueville': 1, 'I do not believe one can settle how much we ought to give. I am afraid the only safe rule is to give more than we can spare. -C.S. Lewis': 2, 'It is only by doing things others have not that one can advance. -George Patton': 1, 'Happy, happy Christmas, that can win us back to the delusions of our childhood days, recall to the old man the pleasures of his youth, and transport the traveler back to his own fireside and quiet home! -Charles Dickens': 1, 'Accept the challenges so that you can feel the exhilaration of victory. -George Patton': 1, 'On the plus side, death is one of the few things that can be done just as easily lying down. -Woody Allen': 1, 'If you see ten troubles coming down the road, you can be sure that nine will run into the ditch before they reach you. -Calvin Coolidge': 1, "What a man's mind can create, man's character can control. -Thomas Edison": 2, 'Against criticism a man can neither protest nor defend himself; he must act in spite of it, and then it will gradually yield to him. -Johann Wolfgang von Goethe': 1, 'They that can give up essential liberty to obtain a little temporary safety deserve neither liberty nor safety. -Benjamin Franklin': 1, 'Though force can protect in emergency, only justice, fairness, consideration and cooperation can finally lead men to the dawn of eternal peace. -Dwight Eisenhower': 2, 'A government which robs Peter to pay Paul can always depend on the support of Paul. -George Bernard Shaw': 1, "Everybody can be great... because anybody can serve. You don't have to have a college degree to serve. You don't have to make your subject and verb agree to serve. You only need a heart full of grace. A soul generated by love. -Martin Luther King Jr.": 2, 'Whatever affects one directly, affects all indirectly. I can never be what I ought to be until you are what you ought to be. This is the interrelated structure of reality. -Martin Luther King Jr.': 1, 'It is one of the blessings of old friends that you can afford to be stupid with them. -Ralph Waldo Emerson': 1, 'Maturity is a bitter disappointment for which no remedy exists, unless laughter can be said to remedy anything. -Kurt Vonnegut': 1, 'There is only one force of history that can break the reign of hatred and resentment, and expose the pretensions of tyrants, and reward the hopes of the decent and tolerant, and that is the force of human freedom. -George W. Bush': 1, 'One can resist the invasion of an army but one cannot resist the invasion of ideas. -Victor Hugo': 1, 'To you taxpayers out there, let me say this: Make sure you file your tax return on time! And remember that, even though income taxes can be a \x93pain in the neck,\x94 the folks at the IRS are regular people just like you, except that they can destroy your life. -Dave Barry': 2, 'Grief can take care of itself, but to get the full value of joy you must have somebody to divide it with. -Mark Twain': 1, 'If you will not fight for the right when you can easily win without bloodshed; if you will not fight when your victory will be sure and not too costly; you may come to the moment when you will have to fight with all the odds against you and only a small chance of survival. There may even be a worse case: you may have to fight when there is no hope of victory, because it is better to perish than to live as slaves. -Winston Churchill': 1, 'A star on a movie set is like a time bomb. That bomb has got to be defused so people can approach it without fear. -Jack Nicholson': 1, 'A great deal of intelligence can be invested in ignorance when the need for illusion is deep. -Saul Bellow': 1} 
believed {'Man [has] always assumed that he was more intelligent than dolphins because he had achieved so much-the wheel, New York, wars and so on-while all the dolphins had ever done was muck about in the water having a good time. But conversely, the dolphins had always believed that they were far more intelligent than man-for precisely the same reason. -Douglas Adams': 1} 
making {"Duties are not performed for duty's sake, but because their neglect would make the man uncomfortable. A man performs but one duty - the duty of contenting his spirit, the duty of making himself agreeable to himself. -Mark Twain": 1, 'Success does not consist in never making mistakes but in never making the same one a second time. -George Bernard Shaw': 2, "Life is what happens to you while you're busy making other plans. -John Lennon": 1, "I realise that I'm making gender-based generalizations here, but my feeling is that if God did not want us to make gender-based generalizations, She would not have given us genders. -Dave Barry": 1, "Those who are preoccupied with 'making a statement' usually don't have any statements worth making. -Thomas Sowell": 2} 
tune {"It is impossible to experience one's death objectively and still carry a tune. -Woody Allen": 1, 'Through pride we are ever deceiving ourselves. But deep down below the surface of the average conscience a still, small voice says to us, something is out of tune. -Carl Jung': 1} 
arrive {'I arrive at the end of this review having done my duty as a critic. I have described the movie accurately and you have a good idea what you are in for if you go to see it. Most of you will not. I cannot argue with you. Some of you will--the brave and the curious. You embody the spirit of the man who first wondered what it would taste like to eat an oyster. -Roger Ebert': 1} 
laughter {'Laughter is the sun that drives winter from the human face. -Victor Hugo': 1, 'The mintage of wisdom is to know that rest is rust, and that real life is in love, laughter, and work. -Elbert Hubbard': 1, 'Maturity is a bitter disappointment for which no remedy exists, unless laughter can be said to remedy anything. -Kurt Vonnegut': 1} 
numbers {'PRESIDENT, n. The leading figure in a small group of men of whom \x97 and of whom only \x97 it is positively known that immense numbers of their countrymen did not want any of them for President. -Ambrose Bierce': 1} 
nearest {'After silence, that which comes nearest to expressing the inexpressible is Music. -Aldous Huxley': 1} 
theft {'Every gun that is made, every warship launched, every rocket fired, signifies in the final sense a theft from those who hunger and are not fed, those who are cold and are not clothed. -Dwight Eisenhower': 1} 
months {'I think and think for months and years, ninety-nine times, the conclusion is false. The hundredth time I am right. -Albert Einstein': 1} 
earphone {'Money can help you to get medicines but not health. Money can help you to get soft pillows, but not sound sleep. Money can help you to get material comforts, but not eternal bliss. Money can help you to get ornaments, but not beauty. Money will help you to get an electric earphone, but not natural hearing. Attain the supreme wealth, wisdom, and you will have everything. -Benjamin Franklin': 1} 
eros {'Eros will have naked bodies; Friendship naked personalities. -C.S. Lewis': 1} 
hears {'In any fairly large and talkative community such as a university there is always the danger that those who think alike should gravitate together where they will henceforth encounter opposition only in the emasculated form of rumour that the outsiders say thus and thus. The absent are easily refuted, complacent dogmatism thrives, and differences of opinion are embittered by the group hostility. Each group hears not the best, but the worst, that the other group can say. -C.S. Lewis': 1} 
december {"How did it get so late so soon? It's night before it's afternoon. December is here before it's June. My goodness how the time has flewn. How did it get so late so soon? -Theodor Seuss Geisel": 1} 
didn't {"Don't knock the weather; nine-tenths of the people couldn't start a conversation if it didn't change once in a while. -Kin Hubbard": 1, "I didn't attend the funeral, but I sent a nice letter saying I approved of it. -Mark Twain": 1, "I know God will not give me anything I can't handle. I just wish that He didn't trust me so much. -Mother Teresa": 1, "I had a dream the other night. I dreamed that Jimmy Carter came to me and asked why I wanted his job. I told him I didn't want his job. I want to be President. -Ronald Reagan": 1, "I didn't come to Washington to be loved and I haven't been disappointed. -Philip L. Gramm": 1} 
heard {'Were it possible for us to wait for ourselves to come into the room, not many of us would find our hearts breaking into flower as we heard the door handle turn. -Rebecca West': 1, 'Originality is the fine art of remembering what you hear but forgetting where you heard it. -Laurence Peter': 1, "There cannot be true democracy unless women's voices are heard. -Hillary Clinton": 1, 'When I took office, only high energy physicists had ever heard of what is called the Worldwide Web....now even my cat has its own page. -Bill Clinton': 1} 
fortunes {'What is the most important for democracy is not that great fortunes should not exist, but that great fortunes should not remain in the same hands. In that way there are rich men, but they do not form a class. -Alexis de Tocqueville': 2} 
performed {"Duties are not performed for duty's sake, but because their neglect would make the man uncomfortable. A man performs but one duty - the duty of contenting his spirit, the duty of making himself agreeable to himself. -Mark Twain": 1, 'The health of a democratic society may be measured by the quality of functions performed by private citizens. -Alexis de Tocqueville': 1} 
hides {'The commonest thing is delightful if only one hides it. -Oscar Wilde': 1} 
allowed {'This does not mean that the enemy is to be allowed to escape. The object is to make him believe that there is a road to safety, and thus prevent his fighting with the courage of despair. After that, you may crush him. -Sun Tzu': 1, 'Egalitarians create the most dangerous inequality of all -- inequality of power. Allowing politicians to determine what all other human beings will be allowed to earn is one of the most reckless gambles imaginable. Like the income tax, it may start off being applied only to the rich but it will inevitably reach us all. -Thomas Sowell': 1} 
henry ward beecher {'The philosophy of one century is the common sense of the next. -Henry Ward Beecher': 1, 'The art of being happy lies in the power of extracting happiness from common things. -Henry Ward Beecher': 1} 
provoke {'For each illness that doctors cure with medicine, they provoke ten in healthy people by inoculating them with the virus that is a thousand times more powerful than any microbe: the idea that one is ill. -Marcel Proust': 1} 
conversely {'Man [has] always assumed that he was more intelligent than dolphins because he had achieved so much-the wheel, New York, wars and so on-while all the dolphins had ever done was muck about in the water having a good time. But conversely, the dolphins had always believed that they were far more intelligent than man-for precisely the same reason. -Douglas Adams': 1} 
procrastination {'Nothing separates the generations more than music. By the time a child is eight or nine, he has developed a passion for his own music that is even stronger than his passions for procrastination and weird clothes. -Bill Cosby': 1} 
unlovable {'Love means loving the unlovable - or it is no virtue at all. -GK Chesterton': 1} 
winter {'Laughter is the sun that drives winter from the human face. -Victor Hugo': 1} 
mpaa {'The MPAA rates this PG-13. It is too vulgar for anyone under 13, and too dumb for anyone over 13. -Roger Ebert': 1} 
discussion {'Anyone who invokes authors in discussion is not using his intelligence but his memory. -Leonardo da Vinci': 1} 
psychiatrist {"I told my psychiatrist that everyone hates me. He said I was being ridiculous - everyone hasn't met me yet. -Rodney Dangerfield": 1} 
pine {'Christmas can be celebrated in the school room with pine trees, tinsel and reindeers, but there must be no mention of the man whose birthday is being celebrated. One wonders how a teacher would answer if a student asked why it was called Christmas. -Ronald Reagan': 1} 
write {'To write a good love letter, you ought to begin without knowing what you mean to say and to finish without knowing what you have written. -Jean-Jacques Rousseau': 1, "Advice to young writers who want to get ahead without annoying delays: don\x92t write about Man, write about 'a' man. -E.B. White": 2, 'Either write something worth reading or do something worth writing. -Benjamin Franklin': 1} 
till {'No sooner do we depart from sense and instinct to follow reason but we are insensibly drawn into uncouth paradoxes, difficulties, and inconsistencies, which multiply and grow upon us as we advance in speculation; till at length, having wandered through many intricate mazes, we find ourselves just where we were, or, which is worse, sit down in a forlorn scepticism. -George Berkeley': 1, "I cried because I had no shoes, 'till I met a man who had no feet. So I said, 'You got any shoes you're not using'? -Steven Wright": 1, "It ain't over till it's over. -Yogi Berra": 1} 
sunday {'Not only is there no God, but try finding a plumber on Sunday. -Woody Allen': 1} 
significant {'The significant problems we face cannot be solved at the same level of thinking we were at when we created them. -Albert Einstein': 1} 
speaks {'What you do speaks so loudly that I cannot hear what you say. -Ralph Waldo Emerson': 1} 
pathway {"What sunshine is to flowers, smiles are to humanity. These are but trifles, to be sure; but scattered along life's pathway, the good they do is inconceivable. -Joseph Addison": 1} 
rigors {'To defend Western Europe we have to let the Pentagon buy all these tanks and guns and things, and the Pentagon is unable to buy any object that that costs less than a condominium in Vail. If the Pentagon needs, say, fruit, it will argue that it must have fruit that can withstand the rigors of combat conditions, and it will wind up purchasing the FX-700 Seedless Tactical Grape, which will cost $160,000 per bunch, and will have an 83 percent failure rate. -Dave Barry': 1} 
confess {'I confess, I do not believe in time. -Vladimir Nabokov': 1} 
may {"May God have mercy upon my enemies, because I won't. -George Patton": 1, "Don't walk in front of me, I may not follow. Don't walk behind me, I may not lead. Just walk beside me and be my friend. -Albert Camus": 2, 'That the innocent, though they may have some connexion or dependency upon the guilty (which, perhaps, they themselves cannot help), should not, upon that account, suffer or be punished for the guilty, is one of the plainest and most obvious rules of justice. -Adam Smith': 1, 'By a curious confusion, many modern critics have passed from the proposition that a masterpiece may be unpopular to the other proposition that unless it is unpopular it cannot be a masterpiece. -GK Chesterton': 1, 'Even peace may be purchased at too high a price. -Benjamin Franklin': 1, 'I may be drunk, Miss, but in the morning I will be sober and you will still be ugly. -Winston Churchill': 1, 'Man was made for action, and to promote by the exertion of his faculties such changes in the external circumstances both of himself and others, as may seem most favourable to the happiness of all. -Adam Smith': 1, 'Genius may have its limitations, but stupidity is not thus handicapped. -Elbert Hubbard': 1, 'He that fights and runs away, may turn and fight another day; but he that is in battle slain, will never rise to fight again. -Tacitus': 1, 'Egalitarians create the most dangerous inequality of all -- inequality of power. Allowing politicians to determine what all other human beings will be allowed to earn is one of the most reckless gambles imaginable. Like the income tax, it may start off being applied only to the rich but it will inevitably reach us all. -Thomas Sowell': 1, 'This does not mean that the enemy is to be allowed to escape. The object is to make him believe that there is a road to safety, and thus prevent his fighting with the courage of despair. After that, you may crush him. -Sun Tzu': 1, 'You may delay, but time will not. -Benjamin Franklin': 1, 'The health of a democratic society may be measured by the quality of functions performed by private citizens. -Alexis de Tocqueville': 1, 'If you will not fight for the right when you can easily win without bloodshed; if you will not fight when your victory will be sure and not too costly; you may come to the moment when you will have to fight with all the odds against you and only a small chance of survival. There may even be a worse case: you may have to fight when there is no hope of victory, because it is better to perish than to live as slaves. -Winston Churchill': 3, 'Philosophy is questions that may never be answered. Religion is answers that may never be questioned. -Author Unknown': 2, "Of all tyrannies, a tyranny exercised for the good of its victims may be the most oppressive. It may be better to live under robber barons than under omnipotent moral busybodies. The robber baron's cruelty may sometimes sleep, his cupidity may at some point be satiated; but those who torment us for our own good will torment us without end, for they do so with the approval of their own conscience. -C.S. Lewis": 4, 'Nothing before had ever made me thoroughly realise, though I had read various scientific books, that science consists in grouping facts so that general laws or conclusions may be drawn from them. -Charles Darwin': 1, 'All enterprises that are entered into with indiscreet zeal may be pursued with great vigor at first, but are sure to collapse in the end. -Tacitus': 1} 
dive {"What is it that makes a complete stranger dive into an icy river to save a solid-gold baby? Maybe we'll never know. -Jack Handey": 1} 
fed {'Every gun that is made, every warship launched, every rocket fired, signifies in the final sense a theft from those who hunger and are not fed, those who are cold and are not clothed. -Dwight Eisenhower': 1} 
spot {'There are painters who transform the sun to a yellow spot, but there are others who with the help of their art and their intelligence, transform a yellow spot into the sun. -Pablo Picasso': 2} 
produce {"The function of RAM is to give us guys a way of deciding whose computer has the biggest, studliest, most tumescent MEMORY. This is important, because with today's complex software, the more memory a computer has, the faster it can produce error messages. So the bottom line is, if you're a guy, you cannot have enough RAM. -Dave Barry": 1, "Money never made a man happy yet, nor will it. There is nothing in its nature to produce happiness. The more a man has, the more he wants. Instead of its filling a vacuum, it makes one. If it satisfies one want, it doubles and trebles that want another way. That was a true proverb of the wise man, rely upon it; ''Better is little with the fear of the Lord, than great treasure, and trouble therewith. -Benjamin Franklin": 1, 'You know what the fellow said: In Italy for thirty years under the Borgias they had warfare, terror, murder, and bloodshed, but they produced Michaelangelo, Leonardo Da Vinci, and the Renaissance. In Switzerland, they had brotherly love--they had five hundred years of democracy and peace, and what did they produce? The cuckoo clock. -Orson Welles': 1} 
mankind {'As Mankind becomes more liberal, they will be more apt to allow that all those who conduct themselves as worthy members of the community are equally entitled to the protections of civil government. I hope ever to see America among the foremost nations of justice and liberality. -George Washington': 1, 'Without question, the greatest invention in the history of mankind is beer. Oh, I grant you that the wheel was also a fine invention, but the wheel does not go nearly as well with pizza. -Dave Barry': 1} 
date {'The good thing about being bisexual is that it doubles your chance of a date on a Saturday night. -Woody Allen': 1} 
such {'Such is the delicacy of man alone, that no object is produced to his liking. He finds that in everything there is need for improvement. The whole industry of human life is employed not in procuring the supply of our three humble necessities, food, clothes and lodging, but in procuring the conveniences of it according to the nicety and delicacy of our tastes. -Adam Smith': 1, 'It is the dissimilarities and inequalities among men which give rise to the notion of honor; as such differences become less, it grows feeble; and when they disappear, it will vanish too. -Alexis de Tocqueville': 1, "I've worked for four presidents and watched two others up close, and I know that there's no such thing as a routine day in the Oval Office. -Dick Cheney": 1, 'Man was made for action, and to promote by the exertion of his faculties such changes in the external circumstances both of himself and others, as may seem most favourable to the happiness of all. -Adam Smith': 1, 'The reason we hold truth in such respect is because we have so little opportunity to get familiar with it. -Mark Twain': 1, 'In any fairly large and talkative community such as a university there is always the danger that those who think alike should gravitate together where they will henceforth encounter opposition only in the emasculated form of rumour that the outsiders say thus and thus. The absent are easily refuted, complacent dogmatism thrives, and differences of opinion are embittered by the group hostility. Each group hears not the best, but the worst, that the other group can say. -C.S. Lewis': 1} 
truly {'A truly great book should be read in youth, again in maturity and once more in old age, as a fine building should be seen by morning light, at noon and by moonlight. -Robertson Davies': 1, 'It is a grand mistake to think of being great without goodness and I pronounce it as certain that there was never a truly great man that was not at the same time truly virtuous. -Benjamin Franklin': 2} 
guys {"The function of RAM is to give us guys a way of deciding whose computer has the biggest, studliest, most tumescent MEMORY. This is important, because with today's complex software, the more memory a computer has, the faster it can produce error messages. So the bottom line is, if you're a guy, you cannot have enough RAM. -Dave Barry": 1, "I'm a middle age white guy, which means I'm constantly reminded that my particular group is responsible for the oppression of every known minority PLUS most wars PLUS government corruption PLUS pollution of the environment, not to mention that it was middle-age white guys who killed Bambi's mom. -Dave Barry": 1} 
grow {'No sooner do we depart from sense and instinct to follow reason but we are insensibly drawn into uncouth paradoxes, difficulties, and inconsistencies, which multiply and grow upon us as we advance in speculation; till at length, having wandered through many intricate mazes, we find ourselves just where we were, or, which is worse, sit down in a forlorn scepticism. -George Berkeley': 1, "Democracy means that anyone can grow up to be president, and anyone who doesn't grow up can be vice president. -Johnny Carson": 2, 'I was angry with my friend I told my wrath, my wrath did end. I was angry with my foe: I told it not, my wrath did grow. -William Blake': 1, 'The older I grow the more I distrust the familiar doctrine that age brings wisdom. -Henry Mencken': 1, "Mothers all want their sons to grow up to be president, but they don't want them to become politicians in the process. -John F. Kennedy": 1, "The practice of art isn't to make a living. It's to make your soul grow. -Kurt Vonnegut": 1, 'Marriage is our last, best chance to grow up. -Joseph Barth': 1, 'Those whom the gods love grow young. -Oscar Wilde': 1} 
man {'Every decent man is ashamed of the government he lives under. -Henry Mencken': 1, 'Imagination is a quality given a man to compensate him for what he is not, and a sense of humor was provided to console him for what he is. -Oscar Wilde': 1, 'Humility must always be the portion of any man who receives acclaim earned in blood of his followers and sacrifices of his friends. -Dwight Eisenhower': 1, "A University of Chicago professor said the greatest day in the world was when a water puppy crawled out on land and decided to stay. The water puppy, he said, went on to become a man. If he proves that, I am willing to give up Christmas, Thanksgiving, and New Year's Day, and to celebrate Water Puppy Day. -William Jennings Bryan": 1, 'Religion operates not only on the vertical plane but also on the horizontal. It seeks not only to integrate men with God but to integrate men with men and each man with himself. -Martin Luther King Jr.': 1, 'The mind of the thoroughly well-informed man is a dreadful thing. It is like a bric-\xe0-brac shop, all monsters and dust, with everything priced above its proper value. -Oscar Wilde': 1, 'Indeed, man wishes to be happy even when he so lives as to make happiness impossible. -Saint Augustine': 1, "A diplomat is a man who always remembers a woman's birthday but never remembers her age. -Robert Frost": 1, 'Man was made for action, and to promote by the exertion of his faculties such changes in the external circumstances both of himself and others, as may seem most favourable to the happiness of all. -Adam Smith': 1, 'Such is the delicacy of man alone, that no object is produced to his liking. He finds that in everything there is need for improvement. The whole industry of human life is employed not in procuring the supply of our three humble necessities, food, clothes and lodging, but in procuring the conveniences of it according to the nicety and delicacy of our tastes. -Adam Smith': 1, 'A leader is a man who can adapt principles to circumstances. -George Patton': 1, 'Hanging is too good for a man who makes puns -- he should be drawn and quoted. -Fred Allen': 1, 'Nothing so dates a man as to decry the younger generation. -Adlai Stevenson': 1, 'No man but a blockhead ever wrote, except for money. -Samuel Johnson': 1, "Don't marry a man to reform him - that's what reform schools are for. -Mae West": 1, 'No man will make a great leader who wants to do it all himself or get all the credit for doing it. -Andrew Carnegie': 1, 'The man who does not read good books has no advantage over the man who cannot read them. -Mark Twain': 2, 'It has been said that man is a rational animal. All my life I have been searching for evidence which could support this. -Bertrand Russell': 1, 'I have often wondered how it is that every man loves himself more than all the rest of men, but yet sets less value on his own opinion of himself than on the opinion of others. -Marcus Aurelius': 1, 'Errors of haste are seldom committed singly. The first time a man always does too much. And precisely on that account he commits a second error, and then he does too little. -Friedrich Nietzsche': 1, 'When an American says that he loves his country, he means not only that he loves the New England hills, the prairies glistening in the sun, the wide and rising plains, the great mountains, and the sea. He means that he loves an inner air, an inner light in which freedom lives and in which a man can draw the breath of self-respect. -Adlai Stevenson': 1, 'Nature thrives on patience; man on impatience. -Paul Boese': 1, 'Heroism is not only in the man, but in the occasion. -Calvin Coolidge': 1, "Duties are not performed for duty's sake, but because their neglect would make the man uncomfortable. A man performs but one duty - the duty of contenting his spirit, the duty of making himself agreeable to himself. -Mark Twain": 2, 'If a man is called to be a streetsweeper, he should sweep streets even as Michelangelo painted, or Beethoven composed music, or Shakespeare wrote poetry. He should sweep streets so well that all the host of heaven and earth will pause to say, here lived a great streetsweeper who did his job well. -Martin Luther King Jr.': 1, 'Reason is experimental intelligence, conceived after the pattern of science, and used in the creation of social arts; it has something to do. It liberates man from the bondage of the past, due to ignorance and accident hardened into custom. It projects a better future and assists man in its realization. -John Dewey': 2, "A man can't be too careful in the choice of his enemies. -Oscar Wilde": 1, 'It is very easy to tell the difference between man-made and God-made objects. The more you magnify man-made objects, the cruder they look, but the more you magnify God-made objects, the more precise and intricate they appear. -Luther Sutherland': 2, 'I believe the highest aspiration of man should be individual freedom and the development of the individual. -Ronald Reagan': 1, 'Man [has] always assumed that he was more intelligent than dolphins because he had achieved so much-the wheel, New York, wars and so on-while all the dolphins had ever done was muck about in the water having a good time. But conversely, the dolphins had always believed that they were far more intelligent than man-for precisely the same reason. -Douglas Adams': 2, '\x93Take a chance! All life is a chance. The man who goes farthest is generally the one who is willing to do and dare. -Dale Carnegie': 1, "Money never made a man happy yet, nor will it. There is nothing in its nature to produce happiness. The more a man has, the more he wants. Instead of its filling a vacuum, it makes one. If it satisfies one want, it doubles and trebles that want another way. That was a true proverb of the wise man, rely upon it; ''Better is little with the fear of the Lord, than great treasure, and trouble therewith. -Benjamin Franklin": 3, 'He therefore is the truest friend to the liberty of this country who tries most to promote its virtue, and who, so far as his power and influence extend, will not suffer a man to be chosen into any office of power and trust who is not a wise and virtuous man. -Samuel Adams': 2, 'A radical is a man with both feet firmly planted in the air. -Franklin D. Roosevelt': 1, 'If we do not help a man in trouble, it is as if we caused the trouble. -Nachman of Bratslav': 1, 'There is a great deal of difference between an eager man who wants to read a book and the tired man who wants a book to read. -GK Chesterton': 2, 'Of all the animals, man is the only one that lies. -Mark Twain': 1, "I'm not normally a religious man, but if you're up there, save me, Superman! -Homer Simpson": 1, "I cried because I had no shoes, 'till I met a man who had no feet. So I said, 'You got any shoes you're not using'? -Steven Wright": 1, "We all want progress, but if you're on the wrong road, progress means doing an about-turn and walking back to the right road; in that case, the man who turns back soonest is the most progressive. -C.S. Lewis": 1, 'The fool doth think he is wise, but the wise man knows himself to be a fool. -William Shakespeare': 1, 'You find out more about God from the Moral Law than from the univerise in general just as you find out more about a man by listening to his conversation than by looking at a house he has built. -C.S. Lewis': 1, 'I mistrust the judgment of every man in a case in which his own wishes are concerned. -Daniel Webster': 1, "God help the man who won't marry until he finds a perfect woman, and God help him still more if he finds her. -Benjamin Tillet": 1, 'It behooves every man to remember that the work of the critic is of altogether secondary importance, and that, in the end, progress is accomplished by the man who does things. -Theodore Roosevelt': 2, 'Avoid the base hypocrisy of condemning in one man what you pass over in silence when committed by another. -Theodore Roosevelt': 1, "Advice to young writers who want to get ahead without annoying delays: don\x92t write about Man, write about 'a' man. -E.B. White": 2, 'If a man is proud of his wealth, he should not be praised until it is known how he employs it. -Socrates': 1, 'It is a grand mistake to think of being great without goodness and I pronounce it as certain that there was never a truly great man that was not at the same time truly virtuous. -Benjamin Franklin': 1, 'Christmas can be celebrated in the school room with pine trees, tinsel and reindeers, but there must be no mention of the man whose birthday is being celebrated. One wonders how a teacher would answer if a student asked why it was called Christmas. -Ronald Reagan': 1, 'Before reciting his prayers, a man should give to charity. -Nachman of Bratslav': 1, 'I arrive at the end of this review having done my duty as a critic. I have described the movie accurately and you have a good idea what you are in for if you go to see it. Most of you will not. I cannot argue with you. Some of you will--the brave and the curious. You embody the spirit of the man who first wondered what it would taste like to eat an oyster. -Roger Ebert': 1, 'Surely what a man does when he is caught off his guard is the best evidence as to what sort of man he is. -C.S. Lewis': 2, 'A man is never more truthful than when he acknowledges himself a liar. -Mark Twain': 1, 'Happy, happy Christmas, that can win us back to the delusions of our childhood days, recall to the old man the pleasures of his youth, and transport the traveler back to his own fireside and quiet home! -Charles Dickens': 1, 'Ocean: A body of water occupying 2/3 of a world made for man...who has no gills. -Ambrose Bierce': 1, 'Man is the only animal that blushes - or needs to. -Mark Twain': 1, 'It still remains true that no justification of virtue will enable a man to be virtuous. -C.S. Lewis': 1, 'The man who disobeys his parents will have disobedient sons. -Nachman of Bratslav': 1, 'Against criticism a man can neither protest nor defend himself; he must act in spite of it, and then it will gradually yield to him. -Johann Wolfgang von Goethe': 1, 'The direction in which education starts a man will determine his future life. -Plato': 1, 'Let us not forget that the cultivation of the earth is the most important labor of man. When tillage begins, other arts will follow. The farmers, therefore, are the founders of civilization. -Daniel Webster': 1, 'We know life is futile. A man who considers that his life is of very wonderful importance is awfully close to a padded cell. -Clarence Darrow': 1, 'In politics, if you want anything said, ask a man; if you want anything done, ask a woman. -Margaret Thatcher': 1, "A mathematician is a blind man in a dark room looking for a black cat which isn't there. -Charles Robert": 1, 'A man who desires to get married should know either everything or nothing. -Oscar Wilde': 1, 'It is hard to believe that a man is telling the truth when you know that you would lie if you were in his place. -Henry Mencken': 1, 'To have the reputation of possessing the most perfect social tact, talk to every woman as if you loved her, and to every man as if he bored you. -Oscar Wilde': 1, 'Show me a thoroughly satisfied man and I will show you a failure. -Thomas Edison': 1, 'Every man must decide whether he will walk in the light of creative altruism or in the darkness of destructive selfishness. -Martin Luther King Jr.': 1} 
natural {'Everything except God has some natural superior; everything except unformed matter has some natural inferior. -C.S. Lewis': 2, "I love Thanksgiving. It's the only time in Los Angeles that you see natural breasts. -Arnold Schwarzenegger": 1, 'The supernatural is the natural not yet understood. -Elbert Hubbard': 1, 'Money can help you to get medicines but not health. Money can help you to get soft pillows, but not sound sleep. Money can help you to get material comforts, but not eternal bliss. Money can help you to get ornaments, but not beauty. Money will help you to get an electric earphone, but not natural hearing. Attain the supreme wealth, wisdom, and you will have everything. -Benjamin Franklin': 1} 
remember {'Education is an admirable thing, but it is well to remember from time to time that nothing that is worth knowing can be taught. -Oscar Wilde': 1, 'Remember not only to say the right thing in the right place, but far more difficult still, to leave unsaid the wrong thing at the tempting moment. -Benjamin Franklin': 1, "Remember, if you smoke after sex you're doing it too fast. -Woody Allen": 1, 'It behooves every man to remember that the work of the critic is of altogether secondary importance, and that, in the end, progress is accomplished by the man who does things. -Theodore Roosevelt': 1, 'To you taxpayers out there, let me say this: Make sure you file your tax return on time! And remember that, even though income taxes can be a \x93pain in the neck,\x94 the folks at the IRS are regular people just like you, except that they can destroy your life. -Dave Barry': 1, 'Remember when safe sex meant not getting caught? -Author Unknown': 1, 'Remember that happiness is a way of travel, not a destination. -Roy Goodman': 1} 
commodity {'New knowledge is the most valuable commodity on earth. The more truth we have to work with, the richer we become. -Kurt Vonnegut': 1} 
clarence darrow {'We know life is futile. A man who considers that his life is of very wonderful importance is awfully close to a padded cell. -Clarence Darrow': 1, 'To think is to differ. -Clarence Darrow': 1, 'True patriotism hates injustice in its own land more than anywhere else. -Clarence Darrow': 1, 'Just think of the tragedy of teaching children not to doubt. -Clarence Darrow': 1} 
maybe {"I have a hobby...I have the world's largest collection of sea shells. I keep it scattered on beaches all over the world. Maybe you've seen some of it... -Steven Wright": 1, "What is it that makes a complete stranger dive into an icy river to save a solid-gold baby? Maybe we'll never know. -Jack Handey": 1} 
robert frost {"A diplomat is a man who always remembers a woman's birthday but never remembers her age. -Robert Frost": 1, 'Two roads diverged in a wood, and I...I took the one less traveled by, and that has made all the difference. -Robert Frost': 1, 'I am a writer of books in retrospect. I talk in order to understand; I teach in order to learn. -Robert Frost': 1, 'Too many poets delude themselves by thinking that the mind is dangerous and must be left out. Well, the mind is dangerous and must be left in. -Robert Frost': 1, "Forgive, O Lord, my little jokes on Thee, and I'll forgive Thy great big joke on me. -Robert Frost": 1, "Don't ever take a fence down until you know why it was put up. -Robert Frost": 1, 'If society fits you comfortably enough, you call it freedom. -Robert Frost': 1, 'I have never started a poem yet whose end I knew. Writing a poem is discovering. -Robert Frost': 1, 'Education is the ability to listen to almost anything without losing your temper or your self-confidence. -Robert Frost': 1, 'Happiness makes up in height for what it lacks in length. -Robert Frost': 1} 
tale {'And what\x92s romance? Usually, a nice little tale where you have everything As You Like It, where rain never wets your jacket and gnats never bite your nose and it\x92s always daisy-time. -D.H. Lawrence': 1} 
persons {'Wedding: a ceremony at which two persons undertake to become one, one undertakes to become nothing, and nothing undertakes to become supportable. -Ambrose Bierce': 1} 
so {"The only reason for time is so that everything doesn't happen at once. -Albert Einstein": 1, 'No passion so effectually robs the mind of all its powers of acting and reasoning as fear. -Edmund Burke': 1, 'Just as your hand, held before the eye, can hide the tallest mountain, so this small earthly life keeps us from seeing the vast radiance that fills the core of the universe. -Nachman of Bratslav': 1, 'Indeed, man wishes to be happy even when he so lives as to make happiness impossible. -Saint Augustine': 1, "Happiness is so hard to define and foolish to define. Am I acting? That's the worst thing you can ask yourself. You can be happy suddenly. It can spring on you, not when you reach a plateau. You can be happy going backward or going down. You can be happy at the loss of something. -Steve Martin": 1, 'Nothing so dates a man as to decry the younger generation. -Adlai Stevenson': 1, 'What you do speaks so loudly that I cannot hear what you say. -Ralph Waldo Emerson': 1, 'To be a philosopher is not merely to have subtle thoughts; but so to love wisdom as to live according to its dictates. -Henry Thoreau': 1, "Middle age is when you've met so many people that every new person you meet reminds you of someone else. -Ogden Nash": 1, 'Politics has got so expensive that it takes lots of money to even get beat with. -Will Rogers': 1, "It ain't what you don't know that gets you into trouble. It's what you know for sure that just ain't so. -Mark Twain": 1, 'Most modern freedom is at root fear. It is not so much that we are too bold to endure rules; it is rather that we are too timid to endure responsibilities. -GK Chesterton': 1, 'As I would not be a slave, so I would not be a master. This expresses my idea of democracy. Whatever differs from this, to the extent of the difference, is no democracy. -Abraham Lincoln': 1, "Why are people's ''deepest desires'' always so shallow? -Author Unknown": 1, 'People can misinterpret almost anything so that it coincides with views they already hold. They take from art what they already believe. -Stanley Kubrick': 1, 'If a man is called to be a streetsweeper, he should sweep streets even as Michelangelo painted, or Beethoven composed music, or Shakespeare wrote poetry. He should sweep streets so well that all the host of heaven and earth will pause to say, here lived a great streetsweeper who did his job well. -Martin Luther King Jr.': 1, 'I have been the artist with the longest career, and I am so proud and honoured to be chosen from heaven to be invincible. -Michael Jackson': 1, 'Man [has] always assumed that he was more intelligent than dolphins because he had achieved so much-the wheel, New York, wars and so on-while all the dolphins had ever done was muck about in the water having a good time. But conversely, the dolphins had always believed that they were far more intelligent than man-for precisely the same reason. -Douglas Adams': 2, 'Nothing gives one person so much advantage over another as to remain always cool and unruffled under all circumstances. -Thomas Jefferson': 1, 'He therefore is the truest friend to the liberty of this country who tries most to promote its virtue, and who, so far as his power and influence extend, will not suffer a man to be chosen into any office of power and trust who is not a wise and virtuous man. -Samuel Adams': 1, 'I feel impelled to speak today in a language that in a sense is new-one which I, who have spent so much of my life in the military profession, would have preferred never to use. That new language is the language of atomic warfare. -Dwight Eisenhower': 1, 'Government consists in nothing else but so controlling subjects that they shall neither be able to, nor have cause to do it harm. -Nicolo Machiavelli': 1, "Of all tyrannies, a tyranny exercised for the good of its victims may be the most oppressive. It may be better to live under robber barons than under omnipotent moral busybodies. The robber baron's cruelty may sometimes sleep, his cupidity may at some point be satiated; but those who torment us for our own good will torment us without end, for they do so with the approval of their own conscience. -C.S. Lewis": 1, 'Since love grows within you, so beauty grows. For love is the beauty of the soul. -Saint Augustine': 1, 'That is the true season of love, when we believe that we alone can love, that no one could ever have loved so before us, and that no one will love in the same way after us. -Johann Wolfgang von Goethe': 1, "I think a good gift for the president would be a chocolate revolver. And since he's so busy, you'd probably have to run up to him and hand it to him. -Jack Handey": 1, "I know God will not give me anything I can't handle. I just wish that He didn't trust me so much. -Mother Teresa": 1, 'There are perhaps no days of our childhood we lived so fully as those we spent with a favorite book. -Marcel Proust': 1, 'As every divided kingdom falls, so every mind divided between many studies confounds and saps itself. -Leonardo da Vinci': 1, 'The reason we hold truth in such respect is because we have so little opportunity to get familiar with it. -Mark Twain': 1, "The function of RAM is to give us guys a way of deciding whose computer has the biggest, studliest, most tumescent MEMORY. This is important, because with today's complex software, the more memory a computer has, the faster it can produce error messages. So the bottom line is, if you're a guy, you cannot have enough RAM. -Dave Barry": 1, "When this girl at the museum asked me who I liked better, Monet or Manet, I said, 'I like mayonnaise.' She just stared at me, so I said it again, louder. Then she left. I guess she went to try to find some mayonnaise for me. -Jack Handey": 1, 'I believe one of the reasons so many do not get a higher education is the fear of their parents that they will lose more morally than they will receive mentally. -William Jennings Bryan': 1, 'The ACLU is always yakking about the Constitution, and most of us are getting mighty tired of it. I mean, if the Constitution is so great, how come it was amended so many times? Huh? -Dave Barry': 2, 'The greatest thing in this world is not so much where we are, but in what direction we are moving. -Oliver Wendell Holmes': 1, 'I went out to the country so i could examine the simple things in life. -Henry Thoreau': 1, 'Accept the challenges so that you can feel the exhilaration of victory. -George Patton': 1, "How did it get so late so soon? It's night before it's afternoon. December is here before it's June. My goodness how the time has flewn. How did it get so late so soon? -Theodor Seuss Geisel": 4, 'A star on a movie set is like a time bomb. That bomb has got to be defused so people can approach it without fear. -Jack Nicholson': 1, "I don't care what is written about me, so long as it isn't true. -Dorothy Parker": 1, 'Observe constantly that all things take place by change, and accustom thyself to consider that the nature of the Universe love nothing so much as to change. The Universe is change. -Marcus Aurelius': 1, 'Cooking was invented in prehistoric times, when a primitive tribe had a lucky accident. The tribe had killed an animal and was going to eat it raw, when a tribe member named Woog tripped and dropped it into the fire. At first the other tribe members were angry at Woog, but then, as the aroma of burning meat filled the air, they had an idea. So they ate Woog raw. -Dave Barry': 1, "I think computer viruses should count as life. I think it says something about human nature that the only form of life we have created so far is purely destructive. We've created life in our own image. -Stephen Hawking": 1, 'Thinking is the hardest work there is, which is the probable reason why so few engage in it. -Henry Ford': 1, "I cried because I had no shoes, 'till I met a man who had no feet. So I said, 'You got any shoes you're not using'? -Steven Wright": 1, 'I like your Christ, I do not like your Christians. Your Christians are so unlike your Christ. -Mahatma Gandhi': 1, 'Americans are so enamored of equality, they would rather be equal in slavery than unequal in freedom. -Alexis de Tocqueville': 1, 'Nothing before had ever made me thoroughly realise, though I had read various scientific books, that science consists in grouping facts so that general laws or conclusions may be drawn from them. -Charles Darwin': 1, 'Science is facts; just as houses are made of stones, so is science made of facts; but a pile of stones is not a house and a collection of facts is not necessarily science. -Henri Poincare': 1, 'We know too much, and are convinced of too little. Our literature is a substitute for religion, and so is our religion. -T.S. Eliot': 1} 
youthful {"It is necessary for the welfare of society that genius should be privileged to utter sedition, to blaspheme, to outrage good taste, to corrupt the youthful mind, and generally to scandalize one's uncles. -George Bernard Shaw": 1} 
deceive {'We are never deceived; we deceive ourselves. -Johann Wolfgang von Goethe': 1} 
increase {'Words which do not give the light of Christ increase the darkness. -Mother Teresa': 1} 
talk {'I am a writer of books in retrospect. I talk in order to understand; I teach in order to learn. -Robert Frost': 1, 'To have the reputation of possessing the most perfect social tact, talk to every woman as if you loved her, and to every man as if he bored you. -Oscar Wilde': 1, "Money doesn't talk, it swears. -Bob Dylan": 1} 
typical {'A typical vice of American politics is the avoidance of saying anything real on real issues. -Theodore Roosevelt': 1} 
drunken {'Women are the only realists; their whole object in life is to pit their realism against the extravagant, excessive, and occasionally drunken idealism of men. -GK Chesterton': 1} 
breaking {'Were it possible for us to wait for ourselves to come into the room, not many of us would find our hearts breaking into flower as we heard the door handle turn. -Rebecca West': 1, 'The surface of American society is covered with a layer of democratic paint, but from time to time one can see the old aristocratic colours breaking through. -Alexis de Tocqueville': 1} 
shoes {"I cried because I had no shoes, 'till I met a man who had no feet. So I said, 'You got any shoes you're not using'? -Steven Wright": 2} 
indeed {'Indeed, man wishes to be happy even when he so lives as to make happiness impossible. -Saint Augustine': 1, 'If we command our wealth, we shall be rich and free; if our wealth commands us, we are poor indeed. -Edmund Burke': 1, 'The fruit that can fall without shaking, indeed is too mellow for me. -Lady Mary Wortley Montagu': 1} 
peaceably {'People sleep peaceably in their beds at night only because rough men stand ready to do violence on their behalf. -George Orwell': 1} 
denial {'Self-denial is the shining sore on the leprous body of Christianity. -Oscar Wilde': 1} 
years {'The thing we all have to understand to put these last two years in focus, is that liberals in this country care more about whether European leaders like us than they do about whether terrorists are killing us. -Rush Limbaugh': 1, 'I think and think for months and years, ninety-nine times, the conclusion is false. The hundredth time I am right. -Albert Einstein': 1, 'You know what the fellow said: In Italy for thirty years under the Borgias they had warfare, terror, murder, and bloodshed, but they produced Michaelangelo, Leonardo Da Vinci, and the Renaissance. In Switzerland, they had brotherly love--they had five hundred years of democracy and peace, and what did they produce? The cuckoo clock. -Orson Welles': 2, "We seem to be going through a period of nostalgia, and everyone seems to think yesterday was better than today. I don't think it was, and I would advise you not to wait ten years before admitting today was great. If you're hung up on nostalgia, pretend today is yesterday and just go out and have one hell of a time. -Art Buchwald": 1, 'You are young, my son, and, as the years go by, time will change and even reverse many of your present opinions. Refrain therefore awhile from setting yourself up as a judge of the highest matters. -Plato': 1, 'Rome remained free for four hundred years and Sparta eight hundred, although their citizens were armed all that time; but many other states that have been disarmed have lost their liberties in less than forty years. -Nicolo Machiavelli': 2, 'Old age is fifteen years older than I am. -Oliver Wendell Holmes': 1, 'On account of being a democracy and run by the people, we are the only nation in the world that has to keep a government four years, no matter what it does. -Will Rogers': 1, 'Karate is a form of marital arts in which people who have had years and years of training can, using only their hands and feet, make some of the worst movies in the history of the world. -Dave Barry': 2, "Thus far, the reputed idiot Bush has graduated from Yale and Harvard, made a stack of cash in the oil industry, become the first consecutive-term governor of Texas, defeated a dual-term VP for the presidency, and led his party to [November 5th's] extraordinary triumphs. Let his opponents keep calling him stupid; if they do, within five years Bush will be King of England, the Pope, and world Formula One motor racing champion. -Tim Blair": 1, 'We turn not older with years, but newer every day. -Emily Dickinson': 1} 
brain {'A brain has to digest its food, too. -Jason Mechalek': 1, "You give me a credit to which I have no claim in calling me 'the writer of the Constitution of the United States.' This was not, like the fabled Goddess of Wisdom, the offspring of a single brain. It ought to be regarded as the work of many heads and many hands. -James Madison": 1} 
differs {'As I would not be a slave, so I would not be a master. This expresses my idea of democracy. Whatever differs from this, to the extent of the difference, is no democracy. -Abraham Lincoln': 1} 
cold {'Every gun that is made, every warship launched, every rocket fired, signifies in the final sense a theft from those who hunger and are not fed, those who are cold and are not clothed. -Dwight Eisenhower': 1} 
still {"It is impossible to experience one's death objectively and still carry a tune. -Woody Allen": 1, 'If you have an apple and I have an apple and we exchange these apples then you and I will still each have one apple. But if you have an idea and I have an idea and we exchange these ideas, then each of us will have two ideas. -George Bernard Shaw': 1, 'It still remains true that no justification of virtue will enable a man to be virtuous. -C.S. Lewis': 1, "God help the man who won't marry until he finds a perfect woman, and God help him still more if he finds her. -Benjamin Tillet": 1, 'Remember not only to say the right thing in the right place, but far more difficult still, to leave unsaid the wrong thing at the tempting moment. -Benjamin Franklin': 1, 'I may be drunk, Miss, but in the morning I will be sober and you will still be ugly. -Winston Churchill': 1, 'Through pride we are ever deceiving ourselves. But deep down below the surface of the average conscience a still, small voice says to us, something is out of tune. -Carl Jung': 1, 'Have children while your parents are still young enough to take care of them. -Rita Rudner': 1, "There are people who put their dreams in a little box and say, Yes, I've got dreams, of course I've got dreams. Then they put the box away and bring it out once in awhile to look in it, and yep, they're still there. -Erna Bombeck": 1, 'Four-fifths of all our troubles would disappear, if we would only sit down and keep still. -Calvin Coolidge': 1, 'I like television. I still believe that television is the most powerful form of communication on Earth -- I just hate what is being done with it. -Alton Brown': 1} 
birds {'Every year, back comes Spring, with nasty little birds yapping their fool heads off and the ground all mucked up with plants. -Dorothy Parker': 1, 'How did it happen that their lips came together? How does it happen that birds sing, that snow melts, that the rose unfolds, that the dawn whitens behind the stark shapes of trees on the quivering summit of the hill? A kiss, and all was said. -Victor Hugo': 1} 
tendency {"Science is not about building a body of known 'facts'. It is a method for asking awkward questions and subjecting them to a reality-check, thus avoiding the human tendency to believe whatever makes us feel good. -Terry Pratchett": 1} 
emily dickinson {'Fame is a fickle food upon a shifting plate. -Emily Dickinson': 1, 'My friends are my estate. -Emily Dickinson': 1, 'If I feel physically as if the top of my head were taken off, I know that is poetry. -Emily Dickinson': 1, 'Forever is composed of nows. -Emily Dickinson': 1, 'Parting is all we know of heaven and all we need to know of hell. -Emily Dickinson': 1, 'A word is dead when it is said, some say. I say it just begins to live that day. -Emily Dickinson': 1, 'We turn not older with years, but newer every day. -Emily Dickinson': 1} 
group {'PRESIDENT, n. The leading figure in a small group of men of whom \x97 and of whom only \x97 it is positively known that immense numbers of their countrymen did not want any of them for President. -Ambrose Bierce': 1, "I'm a middle age white guy, which means I'm constantly reminded that my particular group is responsible for the oppression of every known minority PLUS most wars PLUS government corruption PLUS pollution of the environment, not to mention that it was middle-age white guys who killed Bambi's mom. -Dave Barry": 1, 'In any fairly large and talkative community such as a university there is always the danger that those who think alike should gravitate together where they will henceforth encounter opposition only in the emasculated form of rumour that the outsiders say thus and thus. The absent are easily refuted, complacent dogmatism thrives, and differences of opinion are embittered by the group hostility. Each group hears not the best, but the worst, that the other group can say. -C.S. Lewis': 3} 
thank {'Some of your countrymen were unable to distinguish between their native dislike for war and the stainless patriotism of those who suffered its scars. But there has been a rethinking and now we can say to you, and say as a nation, thank you for your courage. -Ronald Reagan': 1, "If your kid makes one of those little homemade guitars out of a cigar box and rubber bands, don't let him just play it once or twice and then throw it away. Make him practice on it, every day, for about three hours a day. Later, he'll thank you. -Jack Handey": 1, 'Who does not thank for little will not thank for much. -Author Unknown': 2, 'If my children wake up on Christmas morning and have someone to thank for putting candy in their stocking, have I no one to thank for putting two feet in mine? -GK Chesterton': 2, 'The worst moment for the athieist is when he feels thankful and has no one to thank. -Dante Gabriel Rossetti': 1} 
carol nelson {"Christmas is a time when you get homesick, even when you're home. -Carol Nelson": 1} 
he's {"I think a good gift for the president would be a chocolate revolver. And since he's so busy, you'd probably have to run up to him and hand it to him. -Jack Handey": 1, "Is there anything more beautiful than a beautiful, beautiful flamingo, flying across in front of a beautiful sunset? And he's carrying a beautiful rose in his beak, and also he's carrying a very beautiful painting with his feet. And also, you're drunk. -Jack Handey": 2, "If Jack's in love, he's no judge of Jill's beauty. -Benjamin Franklin": 1} 
torn {'I wake each morning torn between the desire to improve the world and the desire to enjoy it. It makes it hard to plan the day. -E.B. White': 1} 
interesting {'In Heaven all the interesting people are missing. -Friedrich Nietzsche': 1} 
inferior {'Everything except God has some natural superior; everything except unformed matter has some natural inferior. -C.S. Lewis': 1, 'No one can make you feel inferior without your consent. -Eleanor Roosevelt': 1} 
troubles {'Four-fifths of all our troubles would disappear, if we would only sit down and keep still. -Calvin Coolidge': 1, 'If you see ten troubles coming down the road, you can be sure that nine will run into the ditch before they reach you. -Calvin Coolidge': 1} 
hot {'Any reviewer who expresses rage and loathing for a novel is preposterous. He or she is like a person who has put on full armor and attacked a hot fudge sundae. -Kurt Vonnegut': 1} 
window {"Instead of a trap door, what about a trap window? The guy looks out it, and if he leans too far, he falls out. Wait. I guess that's like a regular window. -Jack Handey": 2} 
creations {'Alexander, Caesar, Charlemagne, and myself founded empires; but what foundation did we rest the creations of our genius? Upon force. Jesus Christ founded an empire upon love; and at this hour millions of men would die for Him. -Napoleon Bonaparte': 1} 
tillage {'Let us not forget that the cultivation of the earth is the most important labor of man. When tillage begins, other arts will follow. The farmers, therefore, are the founders of civilization. -Daniel Webster': 1} 
maim {"You should do your own car repairs. It's an easy way to save money and possibly maim yourself for life. -Dave Barry": 1} 
main {'My main objective is to be professional but to kill him. -Mike Tyson': 1} 
conquest {'It is the madness of folly, to expect mercy from those who have refused to do justice; and even mercy, where conquest is the object, is only a trick of war; the cunning of the fox is as murderous as the violence of the wolf. -Thomas Paine': 1} 
texas {"Some folks look at me and see a certain swagger, which in Texas is called 'walking.' -George W. Bush": 1, "Thus far, the reputed idiot Bush has graduated from Yale and Harvard, made a stack of cash in the oil industry, become the first consecutive-term governor of Texas, defeated a dual-term VP for the presidency, and led his party to [November 5th's] extraordinary triumphs. Let his opponents keep calling him stupid; if they do, within five years Bush will be King of England, the Pope, and world Formula One motor racing champion. -Tim Blair": 1} 
happened {'There is a theory which states that if ever anyone discovers exactly what the Universe is for and why it is here, it will instantly disappear and be replaced by something even more bizarre and inexplicable. There is another theory which states that this has already happened. -Douglas Adams': 1} 
non {'The invisible and the non-existent look very much alike. -Delos McKown': 1} 
truest {'He therefore is the truest friend to the liberty of this country who tries most to promote its virtue, and who, so far as his power and influence extend, will not suffer a man to be chosen into any office of power and trust who is not a wise and virtuous man. -Samuel Adams': 1} 
views {'People can misinterpret almost anything so that it coincides with views they already hold. They take from art what they already believe. -Stanley Kubrick': 1} 
grandson {'There are fathers who do not love their children; there is no grandfather who does not adore his grandson. -Victor Hugo': 1} 
sarcastic {'There is nothing funny about Halloween. This sarcastic festival reflects, rather, an infernal demand for revenge by children on the adult world. -Jean Baudrillard': 1} 
nation {'On account of being a democracy and run by the people, we are the only nation in the world that has to keep a government four years, no matter what it does. -Will Rogers': 1, 'No nation keeps its word. A nation is a big, blind worm, following what? Fate perhaps. A nation has no honor, it has no word to keep. -Carl Jung': 3, 'The nation which forgets its defenders will be itself forgotten. -Calvin Coolidge': 1, 'Some of your countrymen were unable to distinguish between their native dislike for war and the stainless patriotism of those who suffered its scars. But there has been a rethinking and now we can say to you, and say as a nation, thank you for your courage. -Ronald Reagan': 1, 'The Nation which indulges toward another an habitual hatred or an habitual fondness is in some degree a slave. It is a slave to its animosity or to its affection, either of which is sufficient to lead it astray from its duty and its interest. -George Washington': 1, "One of the great attractions of patriotism -- it fulfills our worst wishes. In the person of our nation we are able, vicariously, to bully and cheat. Bully and cheat, what's more, with a feeling that we are profoundly virtuous. -Aldous Huxley": 1} 
records {'Experts tell us that if the Millennium Bug is not fixed, when the year 2000 arrives, our financial records will be inaccurate, our telephone system will be unreliable, our government will be paralyzed and airline flights will be canceled without warning. In other words, things will be pretty much the same as they are now. -Dave Barry': 1} 
half {'I believe this government cannot endure permanently half slave and half free. -Abraham Lincoln': 2, 'If you are resolutely determined to make a lawyer of yourself, the thing is more than half done already. -Abraham Lincoln': 1, 'Death is psychologically as important as birth. Shrinking away from it is something unhealthy and abnormal which robs the second half of life of its purpose. -Carl Jung': 1, 'Everyone is in awe of the lion tamer in a cage with half a dozen lions -- everyone but a school bus driver. -Laurence Peter': 1} 
not {'Facts do not cease to exist because they are ignored. -Aldous Huxley': 1, 'Were it possible for us to wait for ourselves to come into the room, not many of us would find our hearts breaking into flower as we heard the door handle turn. -Rebecca West': 1, "The most exciting phrase to hear in science, the one that heralds new discoveries, is not 'Eureka!' (I found it!) but 'That's funny...' -Isaac Asimov": 1, "Science is not about building a body of known 'facts'. It is a method for asking awkward questions and subjecting them to a reality-check, thus avoiding the human tendency to believe whatever makes us feel good. -Terry Pratchett": 1, 'Every gun that is made, every warship launched, every rocket fired, signifies in the final sense a theft from those who hunger and are not fed, those who are cold and are not clothed. -Dwight Eisenhower': 2, 'The power of accurate observation is commonly called cynicism by those who have not got it. -George Bernard Shaw': 1, "Happiness is so hard to define and foolish to define. Am I acting? That's the worst thing you can ask yourself. You can be happy suddenly. It can spring on you, not when you reach a plateau. You can be happy going backward or going down. You can be happy at the loss of something. -Steve Martin": 1, 'There are fathers who do not love their children; there is no grandfather who does not adore his grandson. -Victor Hugo': 2, 'The man who does not read good books has no advantage over the man who cannot read them. -Mark Twain': 1, 'The supernatural is the natural not yet understood. -Elbert Hubbard': 1, 'The intellect is not a serious thing, and never has been. It is an instrument on which one plays, that is all. -Oscar Wilde': 1, 'When an American says that he loves his country, he means not only that he loves the New England hills, the prairies glistening in the sun, the wide and rising plains, the great mountains, and the sea. He means that he loves an inner air, an inner light in which freedom lives and in which a man can draw the breath of self-respect. -Adlai Stevenson': 1, "Anybody can become angry - that is easy, but to be angry with the right person and to the right degree and at the right time and for the right purpose, and in the right way - that is not within everybody's power and is not easy. -Aristotle": 2, 'Religion operates not only on the vertical plane but also on the horizontal. It seeks not only to integrate men with God but to integrate men with men and each man with himself. -Martin Luther King Jr.': 2, 'It is better to be bold than too circumspect, because fortune is of a sex which likes not a tardy wooer and repulses all who are not ardent. -Nicolo Machiavelli': 2, 'People have a way of becoming what you encourage them to be, not what you nag them to be. -Author Unknown': 1, 'She is not perfect. You are not perfect. The question is whether or not you are perfect for each other. -Robin Williams': 3, "There's nothing sadder in this world than to awake Christmas morning and not be a child. -Erna Bombeck": 1, "If everything seems under control, you're just not going fast enough. -Mario Andretti": 1, 'To assert that the earth revolves around the sun is as erroneous as to claim that Jesus was not born of a virgin. -Cardinal Bellarmine': 1, 'We are what we repeatedly do. Excellence, therefore, is not an act, but a habit. -Aristotle': 1, 'Your faith is what you believe, not what you know. -Mark Twain': 1, "The only way to keep your health is to eat what you don't want, drink what you don't like, and do what you'd rather not. -Mark Twain": 1, 'America is not like a blanket: one piece of unbroken cloth, the same color, the same texture, the same size. America is more like a quilt: many patches, many pieces, many colors, many sizes, all woven and held together by a common thread. -Jesse Jackson': 1, 'The first principle is that you must not fool yourself - and you are the easiest person to fool. -Richard P. Feynman': 1, 'Without question, the greatest invention in the history of mankind is beer. Oh, I grant you that the wheel was also a fine invention, but the wheel does not go nearly as well with pizza. -Dave Barry': 1, "I realise that I'm making gender-based generalizations here, but my feeling is that if God did not want us to make gender-based generalizations, She would not have given us genders. -Dave Barry": 2, 'I could not handle being a woman, I would stay home all day and play with my breasts. -Steve Martin': 1, 'The object of war is not to die for your country but to make the other bastard die for his. -George Patton': 1, "It is a scientific fact that your body will not absorb cholesterol if you take it from another person's plate. -Dave Barry": 1, 'From the prodigious hilltops of New Hampshire, let freedom ring. From the mighty mountains of New York, let freedom ring. From the heightening Alleghenies of Pennsylvania, let freedom ring. But not only that: Let freedom ring from every hill and molehill of Mississippi. -Martin Luther King Jr.': 1, 'Imagination is a quality given a man to compensate him for what he is not, and a sense of humor was provided to console him for what he is. -Oscar Wilde': 1, "Parents are not interested in justice, they're interested in peace and quiet. -Bill Cosby": 1, 'The writer\x92s job is not to judge, but to seek to understand. -Ernest Hemingway': 1, 'Freedom is not something that anybody can be given; freedom is something people take and people are as free as they want to be. -James Baldwin': 1, 'I have never been hurt by what I have not said. -Calvin Coolidge': 1, 'Forgiveness is not an occasional act: it is a permanent attitude. -Martin Luther King Jr.': 1, "It does not require a majority to prevail, but rather an irate, tireless minority keen to set brush fires in people's minds. -Samuel Adams": 1, 'Knowledge rests not upon truth alone, but upon error also. -Carl Jung': 1, 'Remember when safe sex meant not getting caught? -Author Unknown': 1, 'I hope that when you are my age, you will be able to say as I have been able to say: We lived in freedom. We lived lives that were a statement, not an apology. -Ronald Reagan': 1, 'That the innocent, though they may have some connexion or dependency upon the guilty (which, perhaps, they themselves cannot help), should not, upon that account, suffer or be punished for the guilty, is one of the plainest and most obvious rules of justice. -Adam Smith': 1, 'Most modern freedom is at root fear. It is not so much that we are too bold to endure rules; it is rather that we are too timid to endure responsibilities. -GK Chesterton': 1, 'As I would not be a slave, so I would not be a master. This expresses my idea of democracy. Whatever differs from this, to the extent of the difference, is no democracy. -Abraham Lincoln': 2, "Duties are not performed for duty's sake, but because their neglect would make the man uncomfortable. A man performs but one duty - the duty of contenting his spirit, the duty of making himself agreeable to himself. -Mark Twain": 1, 'Who does not thank for little will not thank for much. -Author Unknown': 2, 'To be a philosopher is not merely to have subtle thoughts; but so to love wisdom as to live according to its dictates. -Henry Thoreau': 1, "We seem to be going through a period of nostalgia, and everyone seems to think yesterday was better than today. I don't think it was, and I would advise you not to wait ten years before admitting today was great. If you're hung up on nostalgia, pretend today is yesterday and just go out and have one hell of a time. -Art Buchwald": 1, "This is slavery, not to speak one's thought. -Euripides": 1, "It's not how old you are, it's how hard you work at it. -Jonah Barrington": 1, "Be thankful we're not getting all the government we're paying for. -Will Rogers": 1, "I love argument, I love debate. I don't expect anyone just to sit there and agree with me, that's not their job. -Margaret Thatcher": 1, 'Remember that happiness is a way of travel, not a destination. -Roy Goodman': 1, 'One swallow does not make a summer. -Aristotle': 1, 'Government is not reason; it is not eloquent; it is force. Like fire, it is a dangerous servant and a fearful master. -George Washington': 2, "I'm a middle age white guy, which means I'm constantly reminded that my particular group is responsible for the oppression of every known minority PLUS most wars PLUS government corruption PLUS pollution of the environment, not to mention that it was middle-age white guys who killed Bambi's mom. -Dave Barry": 1, "You give me a credit to which I have no claim in calling me 'the writer of the Constitution of the United States.' This was not, like the fabled Goddess of Wisdom, the offspring of a single brain. It ought to be regarded as the work of many heads and many hands. -James Madison": 1, 'History does not long entrust the care of freedom to the weak or the timid. -Dwight Eisenhower': 1, 'You may delay, but time will not. -Benjamin Franklin': 1, 'I would not join any club that would have someone like me for a member. -Groucho Marx': 1, 'It is only by doing things others have not that one can advance. -George Patton': 1, 'Anyone who invokes authors in discussion is not using his intelligence but his memory. -Leonardo da Vinci': 1, 'Rings and jewels are not gifts but apologies for gifts. The only true gift is a portion of yourself. -Ralph Waldo Emerson': 1, 'Let us not forget that the cultivation of the earth is the most important labor of man. When tillage begins, other arts will follow. The farmers, therefore, are the founders of civilization. -Daniel Webster': 1, "Life is not a support system for art. It's the other way around. -Stephen King": 1, 'We should take care not to make the intellect our god; it has, of course, powerful muscles, but no personality. -Albert Einstein': 1, 'Patriotism is not short, frenzied outbursts of emotion, but the tranquil and steady dedication of a lifetime. -Adlai Stevenson': 1, 'In the Orthodox spiritual tradition, the ultimate moral question we ask is the following: Is what we are doing, is what I am doing, beautiful or not? -Carolyn Gifford': 1, 'Life does not cease to be funny when people die any more than it ceases to be serious when people laugh. -George Bernard Shaw': 1, "Many of life's failures are people who did not realize how close they were to success when they gave up. -Thomas Edison": 1, 'He who is not courageous enough to take risks will accomplish nothing in life. -Muhammad Ali': 1, "Of course I don't believe in it. But I understand that it brings you luck whether you believe in it or not. -Niels Bohr": 1, 'Just think of the tragedy of teaching children not to doubt. -Clarence Darrow': 1, 'Though I am not naturally honest, I am sometimes by chance. -William Shakespeare': 1, 'We need not just a new generation of leadership but a new gender of leadership. -Bill Clinton': 1, 'If there is any principle of the Constitution that more imperatively calls for attachment than any other it is the principle of free thought, not free thought for those who agree with us but freedom for the thought that we hate. -Oliver Wendell Holmes': 1, 'Experts tell us that if the Millennium Bug is not fixed, when the year 2000 arrives, our financial records will be inaccurate, our telephone system will be unreliable, our government will be paralyzed and airline flights will be canceled without warning. In other words, things will be pretty much the same as they are now. -Dave Barry': 1, 'Must not all things at the last be swallowed up in death? -Plato': 1, 'PRESIDENT, n. The leading figure in a small group of men of whom \x97 and of whom only \x97 it is positively known that immense numbers of their countrymen did not want any of them for President. -Ambrose Bierce': 1, "I'm the type who'd be happy not going anywhere as long as I was sure I knew exactly what was happening at the places I wasn't going to. I'm the type who'd like to sit home and watch every party that I'm invited to on a monitor in my bedroom. -Andy Warhol": 1, 'Humility is the foundation of all the other virtues hence, in the soul in which this virtue does not exist there cannot be any other virtue except in mere appearance. -Saint Augustine': 1, 'Men are born ignorant, not stupid; they are made stupid by education. -Bertrand Russell': 1, 'I do not believe one can settle how much we ought to give. I am afraid the only safe rule is to give more than we can spare. -C.S. Lewis': 1, "Speeches are for the younger men who are going places. And I'm not going anyplace except six feet under the floor of that little chapel adjoining the museum and library at Abilene. -Dwight Eisenhower": 1, "When they call the roll in the Senate, the Senators do not know whether to answer 'Present' or 'Not guilty.' -Theodore Roosevelt": 2, 'He therefore is the truest friend to the liberty of this country who tries most to promote its virtue, and who, so far as his power and influence extend, will not suffer a man to be chosen into any office of power and trust who is not a wise and virtuous man. -Samuel Adams': 2, "My role in society, or any artist's or poet's role, is to try and express what we all feel. Not to tell people how to feel. Not as a preacher, not as a leader, but as a reflection of us all. -John Lennon": 3, 'I was angry with my friend I told my wrath, my wrath did end. I was angry with my foe: I told it not, my wrath did grow. -William Blake': 1, 'Christ died for men precisely because men are not worth dying for; to make them worth it. -C.S. Lewis': 1, 'If men will not act for themselves, what will they do when the benefit of their effort is for all? -Elbert Hubbard': 1, 'Would you live with ease? Do what you ought, not what you please. -Benjamin Franklin': 1, 'Such is the delicacy of man alone, that no object is produced to his liking. He finds that in everything there is need for improvement. The whole industry of human life is employed not in procuring the supply of our three humble necessities, food, clothes and lodging, but in procuring the conveniences of it according to the nicety and delicacy of our tastes. -Adam Smith': 1, 'Success, the real success, does not depend upon the position you hold but upon how you carry yourself in that position. -Theodore Roosevelt': 1, "I know God will not give me anything I can't handle. I just wish that He didn't trust me so much. -Mother Teresa": 1, "I'm never going to be famous. My name will never be writ large on the roster of Those Who Do Things. I don't do any thing. Not one single thing. I used to bite my nails, but I don't even do that any more. -Dorothy Parker": 1, 'Ask not what your country can do for you - ask what you can do for your country. -John F. Kennedy': 1, "Don't join the book burners. Do not think you are going to conceal thoughts by concealing evidence that they ever existed. -Dwight Eisenhower": 1, 'I confess, I do not believe in time. -Vladimir Nabokov': 1, 'The worst thing that could happen to anybody, would be to not be used for anything by anybody. -Kurt Vonnegut': 1, 'I arrive at the end of this review having done my duty as a critic. I have described the movie accurately and you have a good idea what you are in for if you go to see it. Most of you will not. I cannot argue with you. Some of you will--the brave and the curious. You embody the spirit of the man who first wondered what it would taste like to eat an oyster. -Roger Ebert': 1, ".I had to face the horrible truth: The antitobacco people are lying. Smoking really is cool. And I'm less cool for not doing it. -Tucker Carlson": 1, 'The greatest thing in this world is not so much where we are, but in what direction we are moving. -Oliver Wendell Holmes': 1, 'Nothing that you have not given away will ever be really yours. -C.S. Lewis': 1, 'Every difference of opinion is not a difference of principle. We have called by different names brethren of the same principle. -Thomas Jefferson': 1, "There are some who've forgotten why we have a military. It's not to promote war; it's to be prepared for peace. -Ronald Reagan": 1, 'Not everybody trusts paintings, but people believe photographs. -Ansel Adams': 1, 'What is the most important for democracy is not that great fortunes should not exist, but that great fortunes should not remain in the same hands. In that way there are rich men, but they do not form a class. -Alexis de Tocqueville': 4, 'I always cheer up immensely if an attack is particularly wounding because I think, well, if they attack one personally, it means they have not a single political argument left. -Margaret Thatcher': 1, 'If you will not fight for the right when you can easily win without bloodshed; if you will not fight when your victory will be sure and not too costly; you may come to the moment when you will have to fight with all the odds against you and only a small chance of survival. There may even be a worse case: you may have to fight when there is no hope of victory, because it is better to perish than to live as slaves. -Winston Churchill': 3, 'I believe in Christianity as I believe that the sun has risen, not only because I see it, but because by it I see everything else. -C.S. Lewis': 1, 'Not only does God play dice, but he sometimes throws them where they cannot be seen. -Stephen Hawking': 1, "You do not lead by hitting people over the head \x97 that's assault, not leadership. -Dwight Eisenhower": 2, 'Success does not consist in never making mistakes but in never making the same one a second time. -George Bernard Shaw': 1, "It's not how much we give but how much love we put into giving. -Mother Teresa": 1, 'Information is not knowledge. -Albert Einstein': 1, 'God does not give heed to the ambitiousness of our prayers, because he is always ready to give to us his light, not a visible light but an intellectual and spiritual one; but we are not always ready to receive it when we turn aside and down to other things out of a desire for temporal things. -Saint Augustine': 3, 'Government is not a solution to our problem, government is the problem. -Ronald Reagan': 1, 'Money can help you to get medicines but not health. Money can help you to get soft pillows, but not sound sleep. Money can help you to get material comforts, but not eternal bliss. Money can help you to get ornaments, but not beauty. Money will help you to get an electric earphone, but not natural hearing. Attain the supreme wealth, wisdom, and you will have everything. -Benjamin Franklin': 5, "Don't walk in front of me, I may not follow. Don't walk behind me, I may not lead. Just walk beside me and be my friend. -Albert Camus": 2, 'It is always thus, impelled by a state of mind which is destined not to last, that we make our irrevocable decisions. -Marcel Proust': 1, 'Fear not those who argue but those who dodge. -Dale Carnegie': 1, 'That men do not learn very much from the lessons of history is the most important of all the lessons of history. -Aldous Huxley': 1, 'Thus the metric system did not really catch on in the States, unless you count the increasing popularity of the nine-millimeter bullet. -Dave Barry': 1, 'The Bible is not my book, and Christianity is not my religion. I could never give assent to the long, complicated statements of Christian dogma. -Abraham Lincoln': 2, 'Love anything and your heart will be wrung and possibly broken. If you want to make sure of keeping it intact you must give it to no one, not even an animal. Wrap it carefully round with hobbies and little luxuries; avoid all entanglements. Lock it up safe in the casket or coffin of your selfishness. But in that casket, safe, dark, motionless, airless, it will change. It will not be broken; it will become unbreakable, impenetrable, irredeemable. To love is to be vulnerable. -C.S. Lewis': 2, 'Satisfaction lies in the effort, not in the attainment. Full effort is full victory. -Mahatma Gandhi': 1, "I'm not normally a religious man, but if you're up there, save me, Superman! -Homer Simpson": 1, 'Genius may have its limitations, but stupidity is not thus handicapped. -Elbert Hubbard': 1, 'Heroism is not only in the man, but in the occasion. -Calvin Coolidge': 1, 'He who learns but does not think, is lost! He who thinks but does not learn is in great danger. -Confucius': 2, 'If we do not help a man in trouble, it is as if we caused the trouble. -Nachman of Bratslav': 1, 'The thought of being president frightens me. I do not think I want the job. -Ronald Reagan': 1, 'We turn not older with years, but newer every day. -Emily Dickinson': 1, "I cried because I had no shoes, 'till I met a man who had no feet. So I said, 'You got any shoes you're not using'? -Steven Wright": 1, 'In any fairly large and talkative community such as a university there is always the danger that those who think alike should gravitate together where they will henceforth encounter opposition only in the emasculated form of rumour that the outsiders say thus and thus. The absent are easily refuted, complacent dogmatism thrives, and differences of opinion are embittered by the group hostility. Each group hears not the best, but the worst, that the other group can say. -C.S. Lewis': 1, "Playwriting gets into your blood and you can't stop it. At least, not until the producers or the public tell you to. -T.S. Eliot": 1, 'Nature is trying very hard to make us succeed, but nature does not depend on us. We are not the only experiment. -Buckminster Fuller': 2, 'It is a grand mistake to think of being great without goodness and I pronounce it as certain that there was never a truly great man that was not at the same time truly virtuous. -Benjamin Franklin': 1, 'Religion to me has always been the wound, not the bandage. -Dennis Potter': 1, 'There is hardly a political question in the United States which does not sooner or later turn into a judicial one. -Alexis de Tocqueville': 1, 'This does not mean that the enemy is to be allowed to escape. The object is to make him believe that there is a road to safety, and thus prevent his fighting with the courage of despair. After that, you may crush him. -Sun Tzu': 1, 'If a man is proud of his wealth, he should not be praised until it is known how he employs it. -Socrates': 1, 'When nothing seems to help, I go and look at a stonecutter hammering away at his rock perhaps a hundred times without as much as a crack showing in it. Yet at the hundred and first blow it will split in two, and I know it was not that blow that did it, but all that had gone before. -Jacob August Riis': 1, 'I believe one of the reasons so many do not get a higher education is the fear of their parents that they will lose more morally than they will receive mentally. -William Jennings Bryan': 1, "You got to be very careful if you don't know where you're going, because you might not get there. -Yogi Berra": 1, 'Under the doctrine of the separation of powers, the manner in which the president personally exercises his assigned executive powers is not subject to questioning by another branch of government. -Richard Nixon': 1, 'Remember not only to say the right thing in the right place, but far more difficult still, to leave unsaid the wrong thing at the tempting moment. -Benjamin Franklin': 1, "Many a man's reputation would not know his character if they met on the street. -Elbert Hubbard": 1, 'America did not invent human rights. In a very real sense...human rights invented America. -Jimmy Carter': 1, 'Not only is there no God, but try finding a plumber on Sunday. -Woody Allen': 1, 'I like your Christ, I do not like your Christians. Your Christians are so unlike your Christ. -Mahatma Gandhi': 1, 'Obstacles do not exist to be surrendered to, but only to be broken. -Adolf Hitler': 1, 'Words which do not give the light of Christ increase the darkness. -Mother Teresa': 1, "If you're in a boxing match, try not to let the other guy's glove touch your lips, because you don't know where that glove has been. -Jack Handey": 1, 'He that would live in peace and at ease must not speak all he knows or all he sees. -Benjamin Franklin': 1, 'Science is facts; just as houses are made of stones, so is science made of facts; but a pile of stones is not a house and a collection of facts is not necessarily science. -Henri Poincare': 2} 
now {'Experts tell us that if the Millennium Bug is not fixed, when the year 2000 arrives, our financial records will be inaccurate, our telephone system will be unreliable, our government will be paralyzed and airline flights will be canceled without warning. In other words, things will be pretty much the same as they are now. -Dave Barry': 1, 'When I took office, only high energy physicists had ever heard of what is called the Worldwide Web....now even my cat has its own page. -Bill Clinton': 1, "I planted some bird seed. A bird came up. Now I don't know what to feed it. -Steven Wright": 1, 'Everything that used to be a sin is now a disease. -Bill Maher': 1, 'Let us now set forth one of the fundamental truths about marriage: the wife is in charge. -Bill Cosby': 1, 'Some of your countrymen were unable to distinguish between their native dislike for war and the stainless patriotism of those who suffered its scars. But there has been a rethinking and now we can say to you, and say as a nation, thank you for your courage. -Ronald Reagan': 1, 'What is now proved was once only imagined. -William Blake': 1} 
killed {"I'm a middle age white guy, which means I'm constantly reminded that my particular group is responsible for the oppression of every known minority PLUS most wars PLUS government corruption PLUS pollution of the environment, not to mention that it was middle-age white guys who killed Bambi's mom. -Dave Barry": 1, 'Cooking was invented in prehistoric times, when a primitive tribe had a lucky accident. The tribe had killed an animal and was going to eat it raw, when a tribe member named Woog tripped and dropped it into the fire. At first the other tribe members were angry at Woog, but then, as the aroma of burning meat filled the air, they had an idea. So they ate Woog raw. -Dave Barry': 1, "To me, clowns aren't funny. In fact, they're kinda scary. I've wondered where this started, and I think it goes back to the time I went to the circus and a clown killed my dad. -Jack Handey": 1} 
nor {'It must be remembered that there is nothing more difficult to plan, more doubtful of success nor more dangerous to manage than the creation of a new system. For the initiator has the enmity of all who profit by the preservation of the old institution and merely lukewarm defenders in those who would gain by the new one. -Nicolo Machiavelli': 1, 'Government consists in nothing else but so controlling subjects that they shall neither be able to, nor have cause to do it harm. -Nicolo Machiavelli': 1, "Money never made a man happy yet, nor will it. There is nothing in its nature to produce happiness. The more a man has, the more he wants. Instead of its filling a vacuum, it makes one. If it satisfies one want, it doubles and trebles that want another way. That was a true proverb of the wise man, rely upon it; ''Better is little with the fear of the Lord, than great treasure, and trouble therewith. -Benjamin Franklin": 1, 'Against criticism a man can neither protest nor defend himself; he must act in spite of it, and then it will gradually yield to him. -Johann Wolfgang von Goethe': 1, 'They that can give up essential liberty to obtain a little temporary safety deserve neither liberty nor safety. -Benjamin Franklin': 1} 
possess {'Being is desirable because it is identical with Beauty, and Beauty is loved because it is Being. We ourselves possess Beauty when we are true to our own being; ugliness is in going over to another order; knowing ourselves, we are beautiful; in self-ignorance, we are ugly. -Ambrose Bierce': 1} 
term {"Thus far, the reputed idiot Bush has graduated from Yale and Harvard, made a stack of cash in the oil industry, become the first consecutive-term governor of Texas, defeated a dual-term VP for the presidency, and led his party to [November 5th's] extraordinary triumphs. Let his opponents keep calling him stupid; if they do, within five years Bush will be King of England, the Pope, and world Formula One motor racing champion. -Tim Blair": 2} 
equality {'A few hours of mountain climbing turn a villain and a saint into two rather equal creature. Exhaustion is the shortest way to equality and fraternity, and liberty is added eventually by sleep. -Friedrich Nietzsche': 1, 'Americans are so enamored of equality, they would rather be equal in slavery than unequal in freedom. -Alexis de Tocqueville': 1} 
name {'I thought it completely absurd to mention my name in the same breath as the Presidency. -Dwight Eisenhower': 1, "I'm never going to be famous. My name will never be writ large on the roster of Those Who Do Things. I don't do any thing. Not one single thing. I used to bite my nails, but I don't even do that any more. -Dorothy Parker": 1, "One thing they never tell you about child raising is that for the rest of your life, at the drop of a hat, you are expected to know your child's name and how old he or she is. -Erna Bombeck": 1} 
thankful {"Be thankful we're not getting all the government we're paying for. -Will Rogers": 1, 'The worst moment for the athieist is when he feels thankful and has no one to thank. -Dante Gabriel Rossetti': 1} 
opera {'Opera is when a guy gets stabbed in the back and, instead of bleeding, he sings. -Ed Gardner': 1} 
fudge {'Any reviewer who expresses rage and loathing for a novel is preposterous. He or she is like a person who has put on full armor and attacked a hot fudge sundae. -Kurt Vonnegut': 1} 
drop {"One thing they never tell you about child raising is that for the rest of your life, at the drop of a hat, you are expected to know your child's name and how old he or she is. -Erna Bombeck": 1} 
establishing {'If the United Nations once admits that international disputes can be settled by using force, then we will have destroyed the foundation of the organization and our best hope of establishing a world order. -Dwight Eisenhower': 1} 
possibilities {'Probable impossibilities are to be preferred to improbable possibilities. -Aristotle': 1} 
frank tyger {'The biggest bore is the person who is bored by everyone and everything. -Frank Tyger': 1} 
realise {"I realise that I'm making gender-based generalizations here, but my feeling is that if God did not want us to make gender-based generalizations, She would not have given us genders. -Dave Barry": 1, 'Nothing before had ever made me thoroughly realise, though I had read various scientific books, that science consists in grouping facts so that general laws or conclusions may be drawn from them. -Charles Darwin': 1} 
rock {'When nothing seems to help, I go and look at a stonecutter hammering away at his rock perhaps a hundred times without as much as a crack showing in it. Yet at the hundred and first blow it will split in two, and I know it was not that blow that did it, but all that had gone before. -Jacob August Riis': 1} 
entirely {"The puritanism of Christianity has played havoc with the moderation that an enlightened and tolerant critical spirit would have produced. I've noticed that in whatever country, county, town, or other region there is a regulation enjoining temperance, the population seems to be entirely composed of teetotallers and drunkards. There's a Bible on that shelf there. But I keep it next to Voltaire - poison and antidote. -Bertrand Russell": 1, 'Rhis is to be asserted in general of men: that they are ungrateful, fickle, false, cowardly, covetous, and as long as you succeed, are yours entirely; they will offer you their blood, property, life, and children...when the need is far distant; but when it approaches, they will turn against you. -Nicolo Machiavelli': 1} 
fanaticism {'Fanaticism consists of redoubling your efforts when you have forgotten your aim. -George Santayana': 1} 
niels bohr {'Prediction is very difficult, especially about the future. -Niels Bohr': 1, "Of course I don't believe in it. But I understand that it brings you luck whether you believe in it or not. -Niels Bohr": 1} 
communicates {'A powerful idea communicates some of its strength to him who challenges it. -Marcel Proust': 1} 
realism {'Women are the only realists; their whole object in life is to pit their realism against the extravagant, excessive, and occasionally drunken idealism of men. -GK Chesterton': 1} 
em {"You know, there's a million fine looking women in the world, dude. But they don't all bring you lasagna at work. Most of 'em just cheat on you. -Kevin Smith": 1} 
rethinking {'Some of your countrymen were unable to distinguish between their native dislike for war and the stainless patriotism of those who suffered its scars. But there has been a rethinking and now we can say to you, and say as a nation, thank you for your courage. -Ronald Reagan': 1} 
victor hugo {'The greatest happiness of life is the conviction that we are loved, loved for ourselves, or rather, loved in spite of ourselves. -Victor Hugo': 1, 'Music expresses that which cannot be said and on which it is impossible to be silent. -Victor Hugo': 1, 'Laughter is the sun that drives winter from the human face. -Victor Hugo': 1, 'Certain thoughts are prayers. There are moments when, whatever be the attitude of the body, the soul is on its knees. -Victor Hugo': 1, 'There are fathers who do not love their children; there is no grandfather who does not adore his grandson. -Victor Hugo': 1, 'One can resist the invasion of an army but one cannot resist the invasion of ideas. -Victor Hugo': 1, 'How did it happen that their lips came together? How does it happen that birds sing, that snow melts, that the rose unfolds, that the dawn whitens behind the stark shapes of trees on the quivering summit of the hill? A kiss, and all was said. -Victor Hugo': 1} 
nettlesome {'Our nettlesome task is to discover how to organize our strength into compelling power. -Martin Luther King Jr.': 1} 
fired {'Every gun that is made, every warship launched, every rocket fired, signifies in the final sense a theft from those who hunger and are not fed, those who are cold and are not clothed. -Dwight Eisenhower': 1} 
tacitus {'Many who seem to be struggling with adversity are happy; many, amid great affluence, are utterly miserable. -Tacitus': 1, 'Reason and judgment are the qualities of a leader. -Tacitus': 1, 'He that fights and runs away, may turn and fight another day; but he that is in battle slain, will never rise to fight again. -Tacitus': 1, 'All enterprises that are entered into with indiscreet zeal may be pursued with great vigor at first, but are sure to collapse in the end. -Tacitus': 1} 
torch {'Life is no brief candle to me. It is a sort of splendid torch which I have got a hold of for the moment, and I want to make it burn as brightly as possible before handing it onto future generations. -George Bernard Shaw': 1, 'Let the word go forth from this time and place, to friend and foe alike, that the torch has been passed to a new generation of Americans. -John F. Kennedy': 1} 
abnormal {'Death is psychologically as important as birth. Shrinking away from it is something unhealthy and abnormal which robs the second half of life of its purpose. -Carl Jung': 1, 'Nietzsche was stupid and abnormal. -Leo Tolstoy': 1} 
challenges {'A powerful idea communicates some of its strength to him who challenges it. -Marcel Proust': 1, 'Accept the challenges so that you can feel the exhilaration of victory. -George Patton': 1} 
fires {"It does not require a majority to prevail, but rather an irate, tireless minority keen to set brush fires in people's minds. -Samuel Adams": 1} 
catching {"If a woman has to choose between catching a fly ball and saving an infant's life, she will choose to save the infant's life without even considering if there are men on base. -Dave Barry": 1} 
entering {'All men are timid on entering any fight. Whether it is the first or the last fight, all of us are timid. Cowards are those who let their timidity get the better of their manhood. -George Patton': 1} 
year {'I will honor Christmas in my heart, and try to keep it all the year. -Charles Dickens': 1, 'Few people think more than two or three times a year. I have made an international reputation for myself by thinking once or twice a week. -George Bernard Shaw': 1, 'Every year, back comes Spring, with nasty little birds yapping their fool heads off and the ground all mucked up with plants. -Dorothy Parker': 1, 'Back in the old days, most families were close-knit. Grown children and their parents continued to live together, under the same roof, sometimes in the same small, crowded room, year in and year out, until they died, frequently by strangulation. -Dave Barry': 2, 'You can discover more about a person in an hour of play than in a year of conversation. -Plato': 1, 'Experts tell us that if the Millennium Bug is not fixed, when the year 2000 arrives, our financial records will be inaccurate, our telephone system will be unreliable, our government will be paralyzed and airline flights will be canceled without warning. In other words, things will be pretty much the same as they are now. -Dave Barry': 1} 
okay {"The statistics on sanity are that one out of every four Americans are suffering from some form of mental illness. Think of your three best friends. If they're okay, then it's you. -Rita Mae Brown": 1} 
happen {"The only reason for time is so that everything doesn't happen at once. -Albert Einstein": 1, "Dying is the most embarrassing thing that can ever happen to you, because someone's got to take care of all your details. -Andy Warhol": 1, 'One definition of an economist is somebody who sees something happen in practice and wonders if it will work in theory. -Ronald Reagan': 1, 'The worst thing that could happen to anybody, would be to not be used for anything by anybody. -Kurt Vonnegut': 1, 'How did it happen that their lips came together? How does it happen that birds sing, that snow melts, that the rose unfolds, that the dawn whitens behind the stark shapes of trees on the quivering summit of the hill? A kiss, and all was said. -Victor Hugo': 2} 
teams {"Most football teams are temperamental. That's 90% temper and 10% mental. -Doug Plank": 1} 
john barrymore {'Love is the delightful interval between meeting a beautiful girl and discovering that she looks like a haddock. -John Barrymore': 1} 
intended {"Accept good advice gracefully--as long as it doesn't interfere with what you intended to do in the first place. -Gene Brown": 1} 
canada {'I get to go to lots of overseas places, like Canada. -Britney Spears': 1} 
living {"Don't go around saying the world owes you a living. The world owes you nothing. It was here first. -Mark Twain": 1, 'We make a living by what we get, but we make a life by what we give. -Winston Churchill': 1, 'The mystic chords of memory, stretching from every battlefield and patriot grave to every living heart and hearthstone all over this broad land, will yet swell the chorus of the Union, when again touched, as surely they will be, by the better angels of our nature. -Abraham Lincoln': 1, 'We are living in a world, where what we earn is a function of what we learn. -Bill Clinton': 1, "The practice of art isn't to make a living. It's to make your soul grow. -Kurt Vonnegut": 1, 'The things that will destroy America are prosperity at any price, peace at any price, safety first instead of duty first, the love of soft living and the get rich quick theory of life. -Theodore Roosevelt': 1} 
ultimately {'In the long run, we shape our lives and we shape ourselves. The process never ends until we die, and the choices that we make are ultimately our responsibility. -Eleanor Roosevelt': 1} 
accomplish {'He who is not courageous enough to take risks will accomplish nothing in life. -Muhammad Ali': 1, 'War - an act of violence whose object is to constrain the enemy, to accomplish our will. -George Washington': 1} 
decreasingly {"Unless the religious claims of the Bible are again acknowledged, its literary claims will, I think, be given only 'mouth honour' and that decreasingly. -C.S. Lewis": 1} 
profit {'It must be remembered that there is nothing more difficult to plan, more doubtful of success nor more dangerous to manage than the creation of a new system. For the initiator has the enmity of all who profit by the preservation of the old institution and merely lukewarm defenders in those who would gain by the new one. -Nicolo Machiavelli': 1} 
operates {'Religion operates not only on the vertical plane but also on the horizontal. It seeks not only to integrate men with God but to integrate men with men and each man with himself. -Martin Luther King Jr.': 1} 
astray {'The Nation which indulges toward another an habitual hatred or an habitual fondness is in some degree a slave. It is a slave to its animosity or to its affection, either of which is sufficient to lead it astray from its duty and its interest. -George Washington': 1} 
looking {"A mathematician is a blind man in a dark room looking for a black cat which isn't there. -Charles Robert": 1, 'You find out more about God from the Moral Law than from the univerise in general just as you find out more about a man by listening to his conversation than by looking at a house he has built. -C.S. Lewis': 1, "You know, there's a million fine looking women in the world, dude. But they don't all bring you lasagna at work. Most of 'em just cheat on you. -Kevin Smith": 1, "What I don't like about office Christmas parties is looking for a job the next day. -Phyllis Diller": 1, "The days of looking the other way while despotic regimes trample human rights, rob their nations' wealth, and then excuse their failings by feeding their people a steady diet of anti-Western hatred are over. -Dick Cheney": 1} 
explain {'To explain the unknown by the known is a logical procedure; to explain the known by the unknown is a form of theological lunacy. -David Brooks': 2} 
seriously {"Don't take life too seriously; you'll never get out of it alive. -Elbert Hubbard": 1, 'Take everything you like seriously, except yourselves. -Rudyard Kipling': 1} 
protections {'There are several good protections against temptation, but the surest is cowardice. -Mark Twain': 1, 'As Mankind becomes more liberal, they will be more apt to allow that all those who conduct themselves as worthy members of the community are equally entitled to the protections of civil government. I hope ever to see America among the foremost nations of justice and liberality. -George Washington': 1} 
shouldn't {"This is the second most exciting indoor sport, and the other one shouldn't have spectators. -Dick Vertleib": 1} 
rational {'It has been said that man is a rational animal. All my life I have been searching for evidence which could support this. -Bertrand Russell': 1} 
internet {'If Al Gore invented the Internet, I invented spell check. -Dan Quayle': 1} 
divine {'Show me your hands. Do they have scars from giving? Show me your feet. Are they wounded in service? Show me your heart. Have you left a place for divine love? -Fulton J. Sheen': 1} 
formula {"Thus far, the reputed idiot Bush has graduated from Yale and Harvard, made a stack of cash in the oil industry, become the first consecutive-term governor of Texas, defeated a dual-term VP for the presidency, and led his party to [November 5th's] extraordinary triumphs. Let his opponents keep calling him stupid; if they do, within five years Bush will be King of England, the Pope, and world Formula One motor racing champion. -Tim Blair": 1, 'My formula for success is rise early, work late, and strike oil. -Paul Getty': 1} 
dodge {'Fear not those who argue but those who dodge. -Dale Carnegie': 1} 
inevitably {'Egalitarians create the most dangerous inequality of all -- inequality of power. Allowing politicians to determine what all other human beings will be allowed to earn is one of the most reckless gambles imaginable. Like the income tax, it may start off being applied only to the rich but it will inevitably reach us all. -Thomas Sowell': 1} 
unemployed {"When we're unemployed, we're called lazy; when the whites are unemployed it's called a depression. -Jesse Jackson": 2} 
theory {'The things that will destroy America are prosperity at any price, peace at any price, safety first instead of duty first, the love of soft living and the get rich quick theory of life. -Theodore Roosevelt': 1, 'Even if there is only one possible unified theory, it is just a set of rules and equations. What is it that breathes fire into the equations and makes a universe for them to describe? -Stephen Hawking': 1, "We must repsect the other fellow's religion, but only in the sense and to the extent that we respect his theory that his wife is beautiful and his children are smart. -Henry Mencken": 1, 'One definition of an economist is somebody who sees something happen in practice and wonders if it will work in theory. -Ronald Reagan': 1, 'There is a theory which states that if ever anyone discovers exactly what the Universe is for and why it is here, it will instantly disappear and be replaced by something even more bizarre and inexplicable. There is another theory which states that this has already happened. -Douglas Adams': 2} 
scandalize {"It is necessary for the welfare of society that genius should be privileged to utter sedition, to blaspheme, to outrage good taste, to corrupt the youthful mind, and generally to scandalize one's uncles. -George Bernard Shaw": 1} 
prostitutes {'The great nations have always acted like gangsters, and the small nations like prostitutes. -Stanley Kubrick': 1} 
million {"You know, there's a million fine looking women in the world, dude. But they don't all bring you lasagna at work. Most of 'em just cheat on you. -Kevin Smith": 1, 'A single death is a tragedy; a million deaths is a statistic. -Joseph Stalin': 1} 
california {"Nothing is wrong with Southern California that a rise in the ocean level wouldn't cure. -Kenneth Millar": 1} 
karl marx {'Philosophy is to the real world as masturbation is to sex. -Karl Marx': 1} 
inevitable {'Those who make peaceful revolution impossible will make violent revolution inevitable. -John F. Kennedy': 1} 
care {"I don't care what is written about me, so long as it isn't true. -Dorothy Parker": 1, "Dying is the most embarrassing thing that can ever happen to you, because someone's got to take care of all your details. -Andy Warhol": 1, 'Have children while your parents are still young enough to take care of them. -Rita Rudner': 1, 'The thing we all have to understand to put these last two years in focus, is that liberals in this country care more about whether European leaders like us than they do about whether terrorists are killing us. -Rush Limbaugh': 1, 'History does not long entrust the care of freedom to the weak or the timid. -Dwight Eisenhower': 1, 'Grief can take care of itself, but to get the full value of joy you must have somebody to divide it with. -Mark Twain': 1, 'We should take care not to make the intellect our god; it has, of course, powerful muscles, but no personality. -Albert Einstein': 1} 
kahlil gibran {'No human relation gives one possession in another...every two souls are absolutely different. In friendship and in love, the two side by side raise hands together to find what one cannot reach alone. -Kahlil Gibran': 1} 
training {'Karate is a form of marital arts in which people who have had years and years of training can, using only their hands and feet, make some of the worst movies in the history of the world. -Dave Barry': 1} 
language {'I feel impelled to speak today in a language that in a sense is new-one which I, who have spent so much of my life in the military profession, would have preferred never to use. That new language is the language of atomic warfare. -Dwight Eisenhower': 3, 'Slang is the language which takes off its coat, spits on its hands - and goes to work. -Carl Sandburg': 1} 
stonecutter {'When nothing seems to help, I go and look at a stonecutter hammering away at his rock perhaps a hundred times without as much as a crack showing in it. Yet at the hundred and first blow it will split in two, and I know it was not that blow that did it, but all that had gone before. -Jacob August Riis': 1} 
fonder {'Mothers are fonder than fathers of their children because they are more certain they are their own. -Aristotle': 1} 
honest {'Though I am not naturally honest, I am sometimes by chance. -William Shakespeare': 1} 
motion {'Sex is emotion in motion. -Mae West': 1} 
thing {"I've worked for four presidents and watched two others up close, and I know that there's no such thing as a routine day in the Oval Office. -Dick Cheney": 1, "Dying is the most embarrassing thing that can ever happen to you, because someone's got to take care of all your details. -Andy Warhol": 1, "Happiness is so hard to define and foolish to define. Am I acting? That's the worst thing you can ask yourself. You can be happy suddenly. It can spring on you, not when you reach a plateau. You can be happy going backward or going down. You can be happy at the loss of something. -Steve Martin": 1, 'The first thing I do in the morning is brush my teeth and sharpen my tongue. -Dorothy Parker': 1, 'In any moment of decision, the best thing you can do is the right thing. The worst thing you can do is nothing. -Theodore Roosevelt': 3, 'The most incomprehensible thing about the world is that it is at all comprehensible. -Albert Einstein': 1, 'The commonest thing is delightful if only one hides it. -Oscar Wilde': 1, 'The intellect is not a serious thing, and never has been. It is an instrument on which one plays, that is all. -Oscar Wilde': 1, "One thing they never tell you about child raising is that for the rest of your life, at the drop of a hat, you are expected to know your child's name and how old he or she is. -Erna Bombeck": 1, 'The last thing a political party gives up is its vocabulary. -Alexis de Tocqueville': 1, 'The mind of the thoroughly well-informed man is a dreadful thing. It is like a bric-\xe0-brac shop, all monsters and dust, with everything priced above its proper value. -Oscar Wilde': 1, 'Like many intellectuals, he was incapable of saying a simple thing in a simple way. -Marcel Proust': 1, 'There is one thing alone that stands the brunt of life throughout its course: a quiet conscience. -Euripides': 1, "I'm never going to be famous. My name will never be writ large on the roster of Those Who Do Things. I don't do any thing. Not one single thing. I used to bite my nails, but I don't even do that any more. -Dorothy Parker": 2, "When we got into office, the thing that surprised me the most was that things were as bad as we'd been saying they were. -John F. Kennedy": 1, 'The worst thing that could happen to anybody, would be to not be used for anything by anybody. -Kurt Vonnegut': 1, 'If you are resolutely determined to make a lawyer of yourself, the thing is more than half done already. -Abraham Lincoln': 1, 'The last thing one discovers in composing a work is what to put first. -Blaise Pascal': 1, "The nice thing about being a celebrity is that, if you bore people, they think it's their fault. -Henry Kissinger": 1, 'The good thing about being bisexual is that it doubles your chance of a date on a Saturday night. -Woody Allen': 1, 'The greatest thing in this world is not so much where we are, but in what direction we are moving. -Oliver Wendell Holmes': 1, 'Education is an admirable thing, but it is well to remember from time to time that nothing that is worth knowing can be taught. -Oscar Wilde': 1, 'Experience is that marvelous thing that enables you to recognize a mistake when you make it again. -Franklin Jones': 1, 'Remember not only to say the right thing in the right place, but far more difficult still, to leave unsaid the wrong thing at the tempting moment. -Benjamin Franklin': 2, 'Life is just one damned thing after another. -Elbert Hubbard': 1, 'The thing we all have to understand to put these last two years in focus, is that liberals in this country care more about whether European leaders like us than they do about whether terrorists are killing us. -Rush Limbaugh': 1} 
plane {"The movie's director is the pilot. It's his vision. For an actor, the time to worry about flying is when you're on the ground. If you don't want to fly with the director, don't get on the plane. -Denzel Washington": 1, 'Religion operates not only on the vertical plane but also on the horizontal. It seeks not only to integrate men with God but to integrate men with men and each man with himself. -Martin Luther King Jr.': 1} 
place {"No distance of place or lapse of time can lessen the friendship of those who are thoroughly persuaded of each other's worth. -Robert Southey": 1, "Accept good advice gracefully--as long as it doesn't interfere with what you intended to do in the first place. -Gene Brown": 1, 'My dream is of a place and a time where America will once again be seen as the last best hope of earth. -Abraham Lincoln': 1, 'Let the word go forth from this time and place, to friend and foe alike, that the torch has been passed to a new generation of Americans. -John F. Kennedy': 1, 'Remember not only to say the right thing in the right place, but far more difficult still, to leave unsaid the wrong thing at the tempting moment. -Benjamin Franklin': 1, 'It is hard to believe that a man is telling the truth when you know that you would lie if you were in his place. -Henry Mencken': 1, "Talent alone won't make you a success. Neither will being in the right place at the right time, unless you are ready. The most important question is: 'Are you ready?' -Johnny Carson": 1, 'Show me your hands. Do they have scars from giving? Show me your feet. Are they wounded in service? Show me your heart. Have you left a place for divine love? -Fulton J. Sheen': 1, 'We have to make America the best place in the world to do business. -Dick Cheney': 1, 'In framing a government which is to be administered by men over men the great difficulty lies in this: You must first enable the government to control the governed, and in the next place, oblige it to control itself. -Alexander Hamilton': 1, 'Observe constantly that all things take place by change, and accustom thyself to consider that the nature of the Universe love nothing so much as to change. The Universe is change. -Marcus Aurelius': 1, 'Women need a reason to have sex -- men just need a place. -Billy Crystal': 1} 
swing {"The right to swing my fist ends where the other man's nose begins. -Oliver Wendell Holmes": 1, 'I love writing. I love the swirl and swing of words as they tangle with human emotions. -James Michener': 1} 
kevin smith {"You know, there's a million fine looking women in the world, dude. But they don't all bring you lasagna at work. Most of 'em just cheat on you. -Kevin Smith": 1} 
view {'Those who forget good and evil and seek only to know the facts are more likely to achieve good than those who view the world through the distorting medium of their own desires. -Bertrand Russell': 1} 
warning {'Experts tell us that if the Millennium Bug is not fixed, when the year 2000 arrives, our financial records will be inaccurate, our telephone system will be unreliable, our government will be paralyzed and airline flights will be canceled without warning. In other words, things will be pretty much the same as they are now. -Dave Barry': 1} 
neglect {"Duties are not performed for duty's sake, but because their neglect would make the man uncomfortable. A man performs but one duty - the duty of contenting his spirit, the duty of making himself agreeable to himself. -Mark Twain": 1} 
first {'The first principle is that you must not fool yourself - and you are the easiest person to fool. -Richard P. Feynman': 1, "Accept good advice gracefully--as long as it doesn't interfere with what you intended to do in the first place. -Gene Brown": 1, 'In framing a government which is to be administered by men over men the great difficulty lies in this: You must first enable the government to control the governed, and in the next place, oblige it to control itself. -Alexander Hamilton': 1, "Don't go around saying the world owes you a living. The world owes you nothing. It was here first. -Mark Twain": 1, 'All men are timid on entering any fight. Whether it is the first or the last fight, all of us are timid. Cowards are those who let their timidity get the better of their manhood. -George Patton': 1, 'Nobody can have the consolations of religion or philosophy unless he has first experienced their desolations. -Aldous Huxley': 1, 'The magic of first love is our ignorance that it can never end. -Benjamin Disraeli': 1, 'Cooking was invented in prehistoric times, when a primitive tribe had a lucky accident. The tribe had killed an animal and was going to eat it raw, when a tribe member named Woog tripped and dropped it into the fire. At first the other tribe members were angry at Woog, but then, as the aroma of burning meat filled the air, they had an idea. So they ate Woog raw. -Dave Barry': 1, "When I see a play and understand it the first time, then I know it can't be much good. -T.S. Eliot": 1, 'The things that will destroy America are prosperity at any price, peace at any price, safety first instead of duty first, the love of soft living and the get rich quick theory of life. -Theodore Roosevelt': 2, 'The first thing I do in the morning is brush my teeth and sharpen my tongue. -Dorothy Parker': 1, "Thus far, the reputed idiot Bush has graduated from Yale and Harvard, made a stack of cash in the oil industry, become the first consecutive-term governor of Texas, defeated a dual-term VP for the presidency, and led his party to [November 5th's] extraordinary triumphs. Let his opponents keep calling him stupid; if they do, within five years Bush will be King of England, the Pope, and world Formula One motor racing champion. -Tim Blair": 1, 'The last thing one discovers in composing a work is what to put first. -Blaise Pascal': 1, 'When nothing seems to help, I go and look at a stonecutter hammering away at his rock perhaps a hundred times without as much as a crack showing in it. Yet at the hundred and first blow it will split in two, and I know it was not that blow that did it, but all that had gone before. -Jacob August Riis': 1, 'Love yourself first and everything else falls into line. You really have to love yourself to get anything done in this world. -Lucille Ball': 1, 'I arrive at the end of this review having done my duty as a critic. I have described the movie accurately and you have a good idea what you are in for if you go to see it. Most of you will not. I cannot argue with you. Some of you will--the brave and the curious. You embody the spirit of the man who first wondered what it would taste like to eat an oyster. -Roger Ebert': 1, 'All enterprises that are entered into with indiscreet zeal may be pursued with great vigor at first, but are sure to collapse in the end. -Tacitus': 1, 'Beauty is all very well at first sight; but whoever looks at it when it has been in the house three days? -George Bernard Shaw': 1, 'Errors of haste are seldom committed singly. The first time a man always does too much. And precisely on that account he commits a second error, and then he does too little. -Friedrich Nietzsche': 1} 
emotion {'Sex is emotion in motion. -Mae West': 1, 'Patriotism is not short, frenzied outbursts of emotion, but the tranquil and steady dedication of a lifetime. -Adlai Stevenson': 1} 
martin farquhar tupper {'Well-timed silence hath more eloquence than speech. -Martin Farquhar Tupper': 1} 
constantly {"I'm a middle age white guy, which means I'm constantly reminded that my particular group is responsible for the oppression of every known minority PLUS most wars PLUS government corruption PLUS pollution of the environment, not to mention that it was middle-age white guys who killed Bambi's mom. -Dave Barry": 1, 'Observe constantly that all things take place by change, and accustom thyself to consider that the nature of the Universe love nothing so much as to change. The Universe is change. -Marcus Aurelius': 1} 
saving {"If a woman has to choose between catching a fly ball and saving an infant's life, she will choose to save the infant's life without even considering if there are men on base. -Dave Barry": 1} 
destined {'It is always thus, impelled by a state of mind which is destined not to last, that we make our irrevocable decisions. -Marcel Proust': 1} 
striking {'One of the striking differences between a cat and a lie is that a cat has only nine lives. -Mark Twain': 1, 'There are a thousand hacking at the branches of evil to one who is striking at the root. -Henry Thoreau': 1} 
amid {'Many who seem to be struggling with adversity are happy; many, amid great affluence, are utterly miserable. -Tacitus': 1} 
enjoining {"The puritanism of Christianity has played havoc with the moderation that an enlightened and tolerant critical spirit would have produced. I've noticed that in whatever country, county, town, or other region there is a regulation enjoining temperance, the population seems to be entirely composed of teetotallers and drunkards. There's a Bible on that shelf there. But I keep it next to Voltaire - poison and antidote. -Bertrand Russell": 1} 
one {'There is only one rule for being a good talker - learn to listen. -Christopher Morley': 1, 'Chicago sounds rough to the maker of verse. One comfort we have: Cincinnati sounds worse. -Oliver Wendell Holmes': 1, 'We do survive every moment, after all, except the last one. -John Updike': 1, "The most exciting phrase to hear in science, the one that heralds new discoveries, is not 'Eureka!' (I found it!) but 'That's funny...' -Isaac Asimov": 1, 'The commonest thing is delightful if only one hides it. -Oscar Wilde': 1, 'Two roads diverged in a wood, and I...I took the one less traveled by, and that has made all the difference. -Robert Frost': 1, 'Success does not consist in never making mistakes but in never making the same one a second time. -George Bernard Shaw': 1, 'A free society is one where it is safe to be unpopular. -Adlai Stevenson': 1, 'Even if there is only one possible unified theory, it is just a set of rules and equations. What is it that breathes fire into the equations and makes a universe for them to describe? -Stephen Hawking': 1, 'To be prepared for war is one of the most effectual means of preserving peace. -George Washington': 1, 'There are a thousand hacking at the branches of evil to one who is striking at the root. -Henry Thoreau': 1, 'It is only by doing things others have not that one can advance. -George Patton': 1, "As a woman, I find it very embarrassing to be in a meeting and realize I'm the only one in the room with balls. -Rita Mae Brown": 1, 'The philosophy of one century is the common sense of the next. -Henry Ward Beecher': 1, 'God does not give heed to the ambitiousness of our prayers, because he is always ready to give to us his light, not a visible light but an intellectual and spiritual one; but we are not always ready to receive it when we turn aside and down to other things out of a desire for temporal things. -Saint Augustine': 1, 'To one who has faith, no explanation is necessary. To one without faith, no explanation is possible. -Thomas Aquinas': 2, 'I have one yardstick by which I test every major problem-and that yardstick is: Is it good for America? -Dwight Eisenhower': 1, 'Christmas can be celebrated in the school room with pine trees, tinsel and reindeers, but there must be no mention of the man whose birthday is being celebrated. One wonders how a teacher would answer if a student asked why it was called Christmas. -Ronald Reagan': 1, "This is the second most exciting indoor sport, and the other one shouldn't have spectators. -Dick Vertleib": 1, 'No one can make you feel inferior without your consent. -Eleanor Roosevelt': 1, 'I hate war as only a soldier who has lived it can, only as one who has seen its brutality, its futility, its stupidity. -Dwight Eisenhower': 1, 'The intellect is not a serious thing, and never has been. It is an instrument on which one plays, that is all. -Oscar Wilde': 1, 'That the innocent, though they may have some connexion or dependency upon the guilty (which, perhaps, they themselves cannot help), should not, upon that account, suffer or be punished for the guilty, is one of the plainest and most obvious rules of justice. -Adam Smith': 1, 'Perhaps one of the most important accomplishments of my administration has been minding my own business. -Calvin Coolidge': 1, 'One definition of an economist is somebody who sees something happen in practice and wonders if it will work in theory. -Ronald Reagan': 1, 'Genius is one per cent inspiration, ninety-nine per cent perspiration. -Thomas Edison': 1, "Duties are not performed for duty's sake, but because their neglect would make the man uncomfortable. A man performs but one duty - the duty of contenting his spirit, the duty of making himself agreeable to himself. -Mark Twain": 1, 'I do not believe one can settle how much we ought to give. I am afraid the only safe rule is to give more than we can spare. -C.S. Lewis': 1, 'All human actions have one or more of these seven causes: chance, nature, compulsions, habit, reason, passion, desire. -Aristotle': 1, 'The cost of freedom is always high, but Americans have always paid it. And one path we shall never choose, and that is the path of surrender, or submission. -John F. Kennedy': 1, "Being a leader is like being a lady, if you have to go around telling people you are one, you aren't. -Margaret Thatcher": 1, 'No human relation gives one possession in another...every two souls are absolutely different. In friendship and in love, the two side by side raise hands together to find what one cannot reach alone. -Kahlil Gibran': 2, 'One of the striking differences between a cat and a lie is that a cat has only nine lives. -Mark Twain': 1, 'Nothing gives one person so much advantage over another as to remain always cool and unruffled under all circumstances. -Thomas Jefferson': 1, "Money never made a man happy yet, nor will it. There is nothing in its nature to produce happiness. The more a man has, the more he wants. Instead of its filling a vacuum, it makes one. If it satisfies one want, it doubles and trebles that want another way. That was a true proverb of the wise man, rely upon it; ''Better is little with the fear of the Lord, than great treasure, and trouble therewith. -Benjamin Franklin": 2, 'Avoid the base hypocrisy of condemning in one man what you pass over in silence when committed by another. -Theodore Roosevelt': 1, 'I feel impelled to speak today in a language that in a sense is new-one which I, who have spent so much of my life in the military profession, would have preferred never to use. That new language is the language of atomic warfare. -Dwight Eisenhower': 1, '\x93Take a chance! All life is a chance. The man who goes farthest is generally the one who is willing to do and dare. -Dale Carnegie': 1, "If your kid makes one of those little homemade guitars out of a cigar box and rubber bands, don't let him just play it once or twice and then throw it away. Make him practice on it, every day, for about three hours a day. Later, he'll thank you. -Jack Handey": 1, 'Of all the animals, man is the only one that lies. -Mark Twain': 1, 'Whatever affects one directly, affects all indirectly. I can never be what I ought to be until you are what you ought to be. This is the interrelated structure of reality. -Martin Luther King Jr.': 1, 'If my children wake up on Christmas morning and have someone to thank for putting candy in their stocking, have I no one to thank for putting two feet in mine? -GK Chesterton': 1, 'Egalitarians create the most dangerous inequality of all -- inequality of power. Allowing politicians to determine what all other human beings will be allowed to earn is one of the most reckless gambles imaginable. Like the income tax, it may start off being applied only to the rich but it will inevitably reach us all. -Thomas Sowell': 1, 'There is one thing alone that stands the brunt of life throughout its course: a quiet conscience. -Euripides': 1, 'One swallow does not make a summer. -Aristotle': 1, 'Anger is never without an argument, but seldom with a good one. -George Savile': 1, "I'm never going to be famous. My name will never be writ large on the roster of Those Who Do Things. I don't do any thing. Not one single thing. I used to bite my nails, but I don't even do that any more. -Dorothy Parker": 1, "We seem to be going through a period of nostalgia, and everyone seems to think yesterday was better than today. I don't think it was, and I would advise you not to wait ten years before admitting today was great. If you're hung up on nostalgia, pretend today is yesterday and just go out and have one hell of a time. -Art Buchwald": 1, 'The difference between sex and death is that with death you can do it alone and no one is going to make fun of you. -Woody Allen': 1, 'There are three rules for writing a novel. Unfortunately, no one knows what they are. -W. Somerset Maugham': 1, 'A Native American elder once described his own inner struggles in this manner: Inside of me there are two dogs. One of the dogs is mean and evil. The other dog is good. The mean dog fights the good dog all the time. When asked which dog wins, he reflected. -George Bernard Shaw': 1, 'One can resist the invasion of an army but one cannot resist the invasion of ideas. -Victor Hugo': 2, 'There is hardly a political question in the United States which does not sooner or later turn into a judicial one. -Alexis de Tocqueville': 1, "Thus far, the reputed idiot Bush has graduated from Yale and Harvard, made a stack of cash in the oil industry, become the first consecutive-term governor of Texas, defeated a dual-term VP for the presidency, and led his party to [November 5th's] extraordinary triumphs. Let his opponents keep calling him stupid; if they do, within five years Bush will be King of England, the Pope, and world Formula One motor racing champion. -Tim Blair": 1, 'For each illness that doctors cure with medicine, they provoke ten in healthy people by inoculating them with the virus that is a thousand times more powerful than any microbe: the idea that one is ill. -Marcel Proust': 1, 'The last thing one discovers in composing a work is what to put first. -Blaise Pascal': 1, 'I believe one of the reasons so many do not get a higher education is the fear of their parents that they will lose more morally than they will receive mentally. -William Jennings Bryan': 1, 'Marriage is the alliance of two people, one of whom never remembers birthdays and the other who never forgets. -Ogden Nash': 1, 'The surface of American society is covered with a layer of democratic paint, but from time to time one can see the old aristocratic colours breaking through. -Alexis de Tocqueville': 1, "One of the great attractions of patriotism -- it fulfills our worst wishes. In the person of our nation we are able, vicariously, to bully and cheat. Bully and cheat, what's more, with a feeling that we are profoundly virtuous. -Aldous Huxley": 1, 'America is not like a blanket: one piece of unbroken cloth, the same color, the same texture, the same size. America is more like a quilt: many patches, many pieces, many colors, many sizes, all woven and held together by a common thread. -Jesse Jackson': 1, "One thing they never tell you about child raising is that for the rest of your life, at the drop of a hat, you are expected to know your child's name and how old he or she is. -Erna Bombeck": 1, 'On the plus side, death is one of the few things that can be done just as easily lying down. -Woody Allen': 1, 'If you have an apple and I have an apple and we exchange these apples then you and I will still each have one apple. But if you have an idea and I have an idea and we exchange these ideas, then each of us will have two ideas. -George Bernard Shaw': 1, 'It must be remembered that there is nothing more difficult to plan, more doubtful of success nor more dangerous to manage than the creation of a new system. For the initiator has the enmity of all who profit by the preservation of the old institution and merely lukewarm defenders in those who would gain by the new one. -Nicolo Machiavelli': 1, 'As soon as one is unhappy one becomes moral. -Marcel Proust': 2, 'Life is a fatal complaint, and an eminently contagious one. -Oliver Wendell Holmes': 1, 'Life is just one damned thing after another. -Elbert Hubbard': 1, 'God loves each of us as if there were only one of us. -Saint Augustine': 1, 'Wedding: a ceremony at which two persons undertake to become one, one undertakes to become nothing, and nothing undertakes to become supportable. -Ambrose Bierce': 2, "The statistics on sanity are that one out of every four Americans are suffering from some form of mental illness. Think of your three best friends. If they're okay, then it's you. -Rita Mae Brown": 1, 'The worst moment for the athieist is when he feels thankful and has no one to thank. -Dante Gabriel Rossetti': 1, 'It is one of the blessings of old friends that you can afford to be stupid with them. -Ralph Waldo Emerson': 1, 'If all our misfortunes were laid in one common heap, whence everyone must take an equal portion, most people would be content to take their own and depart. -Socrates': 1, 'Let us now set forth one of the fundamental truths about marriage: the wife is in charge. -Bill Cosby': 1, 'I always cheer up immensely if an attack is particularly wounding because I think, well, if they attack one personally, it means they have not a single political argument left. -Margaret Thatcher': 1, "Learning carries within itself certain dangers because out of necessity one has to learn from one's enemies. -Leon Trotsky": 1, 'There is only one force of history that can break the reign of hatred and resentment, and expose the pretensions of tyrants, and reward the hopes of the decent and tolerant, and that is the force of human freedom. -George W. Bush': 1, 'There is luxury in self-reproach. When we blame ourselves, we feel no one else has a right to blame us. -Oscar Wilde': 1, 'Love anything and your heart will be wrung and possibly broken. If you want to make sure of keeping it intact you must give it to no one, not even an animal. Wrap it carefully round with hobbies and little luxuries; avoid all entanglements. Lock it up safe in the casket or coffin of your selfishness. But in that casket, safe, dark, motionless, airless, it will change. It will not be broken; it will become unbreakable, impenetrable, irredeemable. To love is to be vulnerable. -C.S. Lewis': 1, 'That is the true season of love, when we believe that we alone can love, that no one could ever have loved so before us, and that no one will love in the same way after us. -Johann Wolfgang von Goethe': 2, 'Question with boldness even the existence of a God; because, if there be one, he must more approve of the homage of reason, than that of blind-folded fear. -Thomas Jefferson': 1, 'Trust the people. This is the one irrefutable lesson of the entire postwar period contradicting the notion that rigid government controls are essential to economic development. -Ronald Reagan': 1} 
airless {'Love anything and your heart will be wrung and possibly broken. If you want to make sure of keeping it intact you must give it to no one, not even an animal. Wrap it carefully round with hobbies and little luxuries; avoid all entanglements. Lock it up safe in the casket or coffin of your selfishness. But in that casket, safe, dark, motionless, airless, it will change. It will not be broken; it will become unbreakable, impenetrable, irredeemable. To love is to be vulnerable. -C.S. Lewis': 1} 
americans {'The cost of freedom is always high, but Americans have always paid it. And one path we shall never choose, and that is the path of surrender, or submission. -John F. Kennedy': 1, "The statistics on sanity are that one out of every four Americans are suffering from some form of mental illness. Think of your three best friends. If they're okay, then it's you. -Rita Mae Brown": 1, 'Americans are so enamored of equality, they would rather be equal in slavery than unequal in freedom. -Alexis de Tocqueville': 1, 'Let the word go forth from this time and place, to friend and foe alike, that the torch has been passed to a new generation of Americans. -John F. Kennedy': 1} 
long {"Accept good advice gracefully--as long as it doesn't interfere with what you intended to do in the first place. -Gene Brown": 1, 'Rhis is to be asserted in general of men: that they are ungrateful, fickle, false, cowardly, covetous, and as long as you succeed, are yours entirely; they will offer you their blood, property, life, and children...when the need is far distant; but when it approaches, they will turn against you. -Nicolo Machiavelli': 1, 'The Bible is not my book, and Christianity is not my religion. I could never give assent to the long, complicated statements of Christian dogma. -Abraham Lincoln': 1, "I don't care what is written about me, so long as it isn't true. -Dorothy Parker": 1, 'It takes a long time to turn a big country around. -Bill Clinton': 1, "I'm the type who'd be happy not going anywhere as long as I was sure I knew exactly what was happening at the places I wasn't going to. I'm the type who'd like to sit home and watch every party that I'm invited to on a monitor in my bedroom. -Andy Warhol": 1, 'In the long run, we shape our lives and we shape ourselves. The process never ends until we die, and the choices that we make are ultimately our responsibility. -Eleanor Roosevelt': 1, 'Once you have flown, you will walk the earth with your eyes turned skywards, for there you have been, and there you long to return. -Leonardo da Vinci': 1, 'History does not long entrust the care of freedom to the weak or the timid. -Dwight Eisenhower': 1} 
kenneth millar {"Nothing is wrong with Southern California that a rise in the ocean level wouldn't cure. -Kenneth Millar": 1} 
carry {"It is impossible to experience one's death objectively and still carry a tune. -Woody Allen": 1, 'If eighty percent of your sales come from twenty percent of all of your items, just carry those twenty percent. -Henry Kissinger': 1, "To me, it's always a good idea to always carry two sacks of something when you walk around. That way, if anybody says, 'Hey, can you give me a hand?,' you can say, 'Sorry, got these sacks.' -Jack Handey": 1, 'Imagination will often carry us to worlds that never were. But without it, we go nowhere. -Carl Sagan': 1, 'Success, the real success, does not depend upon the position you hold but upon how you carry yourself in that position. -Theodore Roosevelt': 1} 
impossible {"It is impossible to experience one's death objectively and still carry a tune. -Woody Allen": 1, 'Indeed, man wishes to be happy even when he so lives as to make happiness impossible. -Saint Augustine': 1, 'Music expresses that which cannot be said and on which it is impossible to be silent. -Victor Hugo': 1, 'Those who make peaceful revolution impossible will make violent revolution inevitable. -John F. Kennedy': 1} 
sounds {'Chicago sounds rough to the maker of verse. One comfort we have: Cincinnati sounds worse. -Oliver Wendell Holmes': 2} 
accountability {'The United States stands at the pinnacle of world power. This is a solemn moment for the American democracy. For with primacy in power is joined an awe-inspiring accountability for the future. -Winston Churchill': 1} 
open {'It is better to keep your mouth closed and let people think you are a fool than to open it and remove all doubt. -Mark Twain': 1, 'Children always understand. They have open minds. They have built-in shit detectors. -Madonna Ciccone': 1, 'Good manners will open doors that the best education cannot. -Clarence Thomas': 1, 'There is no question that there is an unseen world. The problem is, how far is it from midtown and how late is it open? -Woody Allen': 1} 
tomorrow {'Live as if you were to die tomorrow. Learn as if you were to live forever. -Mahatma Gandhi': 1, 'What we are today comes from our thoughts of yesterday and our present thoughts build our life tomorrow. Our life is the creation of our mind. -Siddhartha Buddha': 1, "Don't worry about the world coming to an end today. It's already tomorrow in Australia. -Charles Schulz": 1} 
millions {'Alexander, Caesar, Charlemagne, and myself founded empires; but what foundation did we rest the creations of our genius? Upon force. Jesus Christ founded an empire upon love; and at this hour millions of men would die for Him. -Napoleon Bonaparte': 1, 'Television is a medium of entertainment which permits millions of people to listen to the same joke at the same time, and yet remain lonesome. -T.S. Eliot': 1} 
city {'Washington is a city of Southern efficiency and Northern charm. -John F. Kennedy': 1} 
little {"Money never made a man happy yet, nor will it. There is nothing in its nature to produce happiness. The more a man has, the more he wants. Instead of its filling a vacuum, it makes one. If it satisfies one want, it doubles and trebles that want another way. That was a true proverb of the wise man, rely upon it; ''Better is little with the fear of the Lord, than great treasure, and trouble therewith. -Benjamin Franklin": 1, 'And what\x92s romance? Usually, a nice little tale where you have everything As You Like It, where rain never wets your jacket and gnats never bite your nose and it\x92s always daisy-time. -D.H. Lawrence': 1, 'They that can give up essential liberty to obtain a little temporary safety deserve neither liberty nor safety. -Benjamin Franklin': 1, 'The reason we hold truth in such respect is because we have so little opportunity to get familiar with it. -Mark Twain': 1, 'Love anything and your heart will be wrung and possibly broken. If you want to make sure of keeping it intact you must give it to no one, not even an animal. Wrap it carefully round with hobbies and little luxuries; avoid all entanglements. Lock it up safe in the casket or coffin of your selfishness. But in that casket, safe, dark, motionless, airless, it will change. It will not be broken; it will become unbreakable, impenetrable, irredeemable. To love is to be vulnerable. -C.S. Lewis': 1, 'Who does not thank for little will not thank for much. -Author Unknown': 1, "Forgive, O Lord, my little jokes on Thee, and I'll forgive Thy great big joke on me. -Robert Frost": 1, "There are people who put their dreams in a little box and say, Yes, I've got dreams, of course I've got dreams. Then they put the box away and bring it out once in awhile to look in it, and yep, they're still there. -Erna Bombeck": 1, "We all wish to be judged by our peers, by the men 'after our own heart.' Only they really know our mind and only they judge it by standards we fully acknowledge. Theirs is the praise we really covet and the blame we really dread. The little pockets of early Chrstians survived because they cared exclusively for the love of 'the bretheren' and stopped their ears to the opinion of the Pagan society around them. But a circle of criminals, cranks, or perverts survives in just the same way; by becoming deaf to the opinion of the outer world, by discounting it as the chatter of outsiders who 'don't understand,' of the 'conventional,' the 'bourgeois,' the 'Establishment,' of prigs, prudes, and humbugs. -C.S. Lewis": 1, "'Tis the business of little minds to shrink, but he whose heart is firm, and whose conscience approves his conduct, will pursue his principles unto death. -Thomas Paine": 1, 'Every year, back comes Spring, with nasty little birds yapping their fool heads off and the ground all mucked up with plants. -Dorothy Parker': 1, "If your kid makes one of those little homemade guitars out of a cigar box and rubber bands, don't let him just play it once or twice and then throw it away. Make him practice on it, every day, for about three hours a day. Later, he'll thank you. -Jack Handey": 1, "Speeches are for the younger men who are going places. And I'm not going anyplace except six feet under the floor of that little chapel adjoining the museum and library at Abilene. -Dwight Eisenhower": 1, 'We know too much, and are convinced of too little. Our literature is a substitute for religion, and so is our religion. -T.S. Eliot': 1, 'True wisdom comes to each of us when we realize how little we understand about life, ourselves, and the world around us. -Socrates': 1, 'The illegal we do immediately. The unconstitutional takes a little longer. -Henry Kissinger': 1, 'Errors of haste are seldom committed singly. The first time a man always does too much. And precisely on that account he commits a second error, and then he does too little. -Friedrich Nietzsche': 1} 
necessarily {'Science is facts; just as houses are made of stones, so is science made of facts; but a pile of stones is not a house and a collection of facts is not necessarily science. -Henri Poincare': 1} 
silent {'Ten people who speak make more noise than ten thousand who are silent. -Napoleon Bonaparte': 1, 'Music expresses that which cannot be said and on which it is impossible to be silent. -Victor Hugo': 1} 
bite {"I'm never going to be famous. My name will never be writ large on the roster of Those Who Do Things. I don't do any thing. Not one single thing. I used to bite my nails, but I don't even do that any more. -Dorothy Parker": 1, 'And what\x92s romance? Usually, a nice little tale where you have everything As You Like It, where rain never wets your jacket and gnats never bite your nose and it\x92s always daisy-time. -D.H. Lawrence': 1} 
europe {'To defend Western Europe we have to let the Pentagon buy all these tanks and guns and things, and the Pentagon is unable to buy any object that that costs less than a condominium in Vail. If the Pentagon needs, say, fruit, it will argue that it must have fruit that can withstand the rigors of combat conditions, and it will wind up purchasing the FX-700 Seedless Tactical Grape, which will cost $160,000 per bunch, and will have an 83 percent failure rate. -Dave Barry': 1} 
anyone {'Never discourage anyone who continually makes progress, no matter how slow. -Plato': 1, 'There is a theory which states that if ever anyone discovers exactly what the Universe is for and why it is here, it will instantly disappear and be replaced by something even more bizarre and inexplicable. There is another theory which states that this has already happened. -Douglas Adams': 1, "Democracy means that anyone can grow up to be president, and anyone who doesn't grow up can be vice president. -Johnny Carson": 2, 'The MPAA rates this PG-13. It is too vulgar for anyone under 13, and too dumb for anyone over 13. -Roger Ebert': 2, 'Anyone who has never made a mistake has never tried anything new. -Albert Einstein': 1, "I love argument, I love debate. I don't expect anyone just to sit there and agree with me, that's not their job. -Margaret Thatcher": 1, 'Anyone who invokes authors in discussion is not using his intelligence but his memory. -Leonardo da Vinci': 1} 
plains {'When an American says that he loves his country, he means not only that he loves the New England hills, the prairies glistening in the sun, the wide and rising plains, the great mountains, and the sea. He means that he loves an inner air, an inner light in which freedom lives and in which a man can draw the breath of self-respect. -Adlai Stevenson': 1} 
spell {'If Al Gore invented the Internet, I invented spell check. -Dan Quayle': 1} 
realization {'Reason is experimental intelligence, conceived after the pattern of science, and used in the creation of social arts; it has something to do. It liberates man from the bondage of the past, due to ignorance and accident hardened into custom. It projects a better future and assists man in its realization. -John Dewey': 1} 
white {"I'm a middle age white guy, which means I'm constantly reminded that my particular group is responsible for the oppression of every known minority PLUS most wars PLUS government corruption PLUS pollution of the environment, not to mention that it was middle-age white guys who killed Bambi's mom. -Dave Barry": 2} 
friend {"Don't walk in front of me, I may not follow. Don't walk behind me, I may not lead. Just walk beside me and be my friend. -Albert Camus": 1, 'I was angry with my friend I told my wrath, my wrath did end. I was angry with my foe: I told it not, my wrath did grow. -William Blake': 1, 'Let the word go forth from this time and place, to friend and foe alike, that the torch has been passed to a new generation of Americans. -John F. Kennedy': 1, 'He therefore is the truest friend to the liberty of this country who tries most to promote its virtue, and who, so far as his power and influence extend, will not suffer a man to be chosen into any office of power and trust who is not a wise and virtuous man. -Samuel Adams': 1} 
bloodshed {'If you will not fight for the right when you can easily win without bloodshed; if you will not fight when your victory will be sure and not too costly; you may come to the moment when you will have to fight with all the odds against you and only a small chance of survival. There may even be a worse case: you may have to fight when there is no hope of victory, because it is better to perish than to live as slaves. -Winston Churchill': 1, 'You know what the fellow said: In Italy for thirty years under the Borgias they had warfare, terror, murder, and bloodshed, but they produced Michaelangelo, Leonardo Da Vinci, and the Renaissance. In Switzerland, they had brotherly love--they had five hundred years of democracy and peace, and what did they produce? The cuckoo clock. -Orson Welles': 1} 
eyes {'The eyes of the world are upon you. The hopes and prayers of liberty-loving people everywhere march with you. -Dwight Eisenhower': 1, 'Once you have flown, you will walk the earth with your eyes turned skywards, for there you have been, and there you long to return. -Leonardo da Vinci': 1, "You can't depend on your eyes when your imagination is out of focus. -Mark Twain": 1} 
that {'Music expresses that which cannot be said and on which it is impossible to be silent. -Victor Hugo': 1, "The most exciting phrase to hear in science, the one that heralds new discoveries, is not 'Eureka!' (I found it!) but 'That's funny...' -Isaac Asimov": 1, "I've worked for four presidents and watched two others up close, and I know that there's no such thing as a routine day in the Oval Office. -Dick Cheney": 1, "Dying is the most embarrassing thing that can ever happen to you, because someone's got to take care of all your details. -Andy Warhol": 1, 'Every gun that is made, every warship launched, every rocket fired, signifies in the final sense a theft from those who hunger and are not fed, those who are cold and are not clothed. -Dwight Eisenhower': 1, 'I believe in Christianity as I believe that the sun has risen, not only because I see it, but because by it I see everything else. -C.S. Lewis': 1, "The puritanism of Christianity has played havoc with the moderation that an enlightened and tolerant critical spirit would have produced. I've noticed that in whatever country, county, town, or other region there is a regulation enjoining temperance, the population seems to be entirely composed of teetotallers and drunkards. There's a Bible on that shelf there. But I keep it next to Voltaire - poison and antidote. -Bertrand Russell": 3, "What is it that makes a complete stranger dive into an icy river to save a solid-gold baby? Maybe we'll never know. -Jack Handey": 1, 'All men are frauds. The only difference between them is that some admit it. I myself deny it. -Henry Mencken': 1, 'The most incomprehensible thing about the world is that it is at all comprehensible. -Albert Einstein': 1, 'The fruit that can fall without shaking, indeed is too mellow for me. -Lady Mary Wortley Montagu': 1, 'The intellect is not a serious thing, and never has been. It is an instrument on which one plays, that is all. -Oscar Wilde': 1, 'When an American says that he loves his country, he means not only that he loves the New England hills, the prairies glistening in the sun, the wide and rising plains, the great mountains, and the sea. He means that he loves an inner air, an inner light in which freedom lives and in which a man can draw the breath of self-respect. -Adlai Stevenson': 3, 'As Mankind becomes more liberal, they will be more apt to allow that all those who conduct themselves as worthy members of the community are equally entitled to the protections of civil government. I hope ever to see America among the foremost nations of justice and liberality. -George Washington': 1, "Anybody can become angry - that is easy, but to be angry with the right person and to the right degree and at the right time and for the right purpose, and in the right way - that is not within everybody's power and is not easy. -Aristotle": 2, 'Let the word go forth from this time and place, to friend and foe alike, that the torch has been passed to a new generation of Americans. -John F. Kennedy': 1, 'If I feel physically as if the top of my head were taken off, I know that is poetry. -Emily Dickinson': 1, 'After silence, that which comes nearest to expressing the inexpressible is Music. -Aldous Huxley': 1, 'That is the true season of love, when we believe that we alone can love, that no one could ever have loved so before us, and that no one will love in the same way after us. -Johann Wolfgang von Goethe': 4, 'On account of being a democracy and run by the people, we are the only nation in the world that has to keep a government four years, no matter what it does. -Will Rogers': 1, 'To defend Western Europe we have to let the Pentagon buy all these tanks and guns and things, and the Pentagon is unable to buy any object that that costs less than a condominium in Vail. If the Pentagon needs, say, fruit, it will argue that it must have fruit that can withstand the rigors of combat conditions, and it will wind up purchasing the FX-700 Seedless Tactical Grape, which will cost $160,000 per bunch, and will have an 83 percent failure rate. -Dave Barry': 4, "It is necessary for the welfare of society that genius should be privileged to utter sedition, to blaspheme, to outrage good taste, to corrupt the youthful mind, and generally to scandalize one's uncles. -George Bernard Shaw": 1, 'To assert that the earth revolves around the sun is as erroneous as to claim that Jesus was not born of a virgin. -Cardinal Bellarmine': 2, "I'm the type who'd be happy not going anywhere as long as I was sure I knew exactly what was happening at the places I wasn't going to. I'm the type who'd like to sit home and watch every party that I'm invited to on a monitor in my bedroom. -Andy Warhol": 1, 'Everything that irritates us about others can lead us to an understanding of ourselves. -Carl Jung': 1, 'I have gathered a posie of other men\x92s flowers, and nothing but the thread that binds them is mine own. -John Bartlett': 1, 'Rhis is to be asserted in general of men: that they are ungrateful, fickle, false, cowardly, covetous, and as long as you succeed, are yours entirely; they will offer you their blood, property, life, and children...when the need is far distant; but when it approaches, they will turn against you. -Nicolo Machiavelli': 1, "I think, at a child's birth, if a mother could ask a fairy godmother to endow it with the most useful gift, that gift should be curiosity. -Eleanor Roosevelt": 1, "The only kind of seafood I trust is the fish stick, a totally featureless fish that doesn't have eyeballs or fins. -Dave Barry": 1, 'The time which we have at our disposal every day is elastic; the passions we feel expand it, those that we inspire contract it, and habit fills up what remains. -Marcel Proust': 1, 'Nothing that you have not given away will ever be really yours. -C.S. Lewis': 1, 'The first principle is that you must not fool yourself - and you are the easiest person to fool. -Richard P. Feynman': 1, 'Man is the only animal that blushes - or needs to. -Mark Twain': 1, "I realise that I'm making gender-based generalizations here, but my feeling is that if God did not want us to make gender-based generalizations, She would not have given us genders. -Dave Barry": 2, 'It still remains true that no justification of virtue will enable a man to be virtuous. -C.S. Lewis': 1, 'A people that values its privileges above its principles soon loses both. -Dwight Eisenhower': 1, 'The greatness of our country has been based on our thinking that everyone has a right even to be wrong. -Ronald Reagan': 1, 'Even if there is only one possible unified theory, it is just a set of rules and equations. What is it that breathes fire into the equations and makes a universe for them to describe? -Stephen Hawking': 1, 'He that fights and runs away, may turn and fight another day; but he that is in battle slain, will never rise to fight again. -Tacitus': 2, 'It is only our bad temper that we put down to being tired or worried or hungry; we put our good temper down to ourselves. -C.S. Lewis': 1, 'It is one of the blessings of old friends that you can afford to be stupid with them. -Ralph Waldo Emerson': 1, "It is a scientific fact that your body will not absorb cholesterol if you take it from another person's plate. -Dave Barry": 1, 'To you taxpayers out there, let me say this: Make sure you file your tax return on time! And remember that, even though income taxes can be a \x93pain in the neck,\x94 the folks at the IRS are regular people just like you, except that they can destroy your life. -Dave Barry': 2, 'From the prodigious hilltops of New Hampshire, let freedom ring. From the mighty mountains of New York, let freedom ring. From the heightening Alleghenies of Pennsylvania, let freedom ring. But not only that: Let freedom ring from every hill and molehill of Mississippi. -Martin Luther King Jr.': 1, "A University of Chicago professor said the greatest day in the world was when a water puppy crawled out on land and decided to stay. The water puppy, he said, went on to become a man. If he proves that, I am willing to give up Christmas, Thanksgiving, and New Year's Day, and to celebrate Water Puppy Day. -William Jennings Bryan": 1, 'Freedom is not something that anybody can be given; freedom is something people take and people are as free as they want to be. -James Baldwin': 1, 'Two roads diverged in a wood, and I...I took the one less traveled by, and that has made all the difference. -Robert Frost': 1, 'It must be remembered that there is nothing more difficult to plan, more doubtful of success nor more dangerous to manage than the creation of a new system. For the initiator has the enmity of all who profit by the preservation of the old institution and merely lukewarm defenders in those who would gain by the new one. -Nicolo Machiavelli': 1, 'Imagination will often carry us to worlds that never were. But without it, we go nowhere. -Carl Sagan': 1, 'The older I grow the more I distrust the familiar doctrine that age brings wisdom. -Henry Mencken': 1, 'An idea that is developed and put into action is more important than an idea that exists only as an idea. -Siddhartha Buddha': 2, "Middle age is when you've met so many people that every new person you meet reminds you of someone else. -Ogden Nash": 1, "Ever notice that 'what the hell' is always the right decision? -Marilyn Monroe": 1, 'Guard with jealous attention the public liberty. Suspect everyone who approaches that jewel. -Patrick Henry': 1, 'I hope that when you are my age, you will be able to say as I have been able to say: We lived in freedom. We lived lives that were a statement, not an apology. -Ronald Reagan': 2, 'Politics has got so expensive that it takes lots of money to even get beat with. -Will Rogers': 1, 'If there is any principle of the Constitution that more imperatively calls for attachment than any other it is the principle of free thought, not free thought for those who agree with us but freedom for the thought that we hate. -Oliver Wendell Holmes': 2, "I like to say that I'm bisexual...when I want sex, I buy it. -Boy George": 1, 'Errors of haste are seldom committed singly. The first time a man always does too much. And precisely on that account he commits a second error, and then he does too little. -Friedrich Nietzsche': 1, 'The greatest lesson in life is to know that even fools are right sometimes. -Winston Churchill': 1, 'There is no strength in unbelief. Even the unbelief of what is false is no source of might. It is the truth shining from behind that gives the strength to disbelieve. -George MacDonald': 1, 'That the innocent, though they may have some connexion or dependency upon the guilty (which, perhaps, they themselves cannot help), should not, upon that account, suffer or be punished for the guilty, is one of the plainest and most obvious rules of justice. -Adam Smith': 2, "One thing they never tell you about child raising is that for the rest of your life, at the drop of a hat, you are expected to know your child's name and how old he or she is. -Erna Bombeck": 1, 'What is happiness? The feeling that power is growing, that resistance is overcome. -Friedrich Nietzsche': 2, 'Everything that used to be a sin is now a disease. -Bill Maher': 1, 'The cost of freedom is always high, but Americans have always paid it. And one path we shall never choose, and that is the path of surrender, or submission. -John F. Kennedy': 1, 'One of the striking differences between a cat and a lie is that a cat has only nine lives. -Mark Twain': 1, 'I have often wondered how it is that every man loves himself more than all the rest of men, but yet sets less value on his own opinion of himself than on the opinion of others. -Marcus Aurelius': 1, 'We ascribe beauty to that which is simple; which has no superfluous parts; which exactly answers its end; which stands related to all things; which is the mean of many extremes. -Ralph Waldo Emerson': 1, 'If the United Nations once admits that international disputes can be settled by using force, then we will have destroyed the foundation of the organization and our best hope of establishing a world order. -Dwight Eisenhower': 1, "Without computers, the government would be unable to function at the level of effectiveness and efficiency that we have come to expect.  This is because the primary function of the government is -- and here I am quoting directly from the U.S. Constitution -- 'to spew out paper.' -Dave Barry": 1, 'Remember that happiness is a way of travel, not a destination. -Roy Goodman': 1, 'There is one thing alone that stands the brunt of life throughout its course: a quiet conscience. -Euripides': 1, 'Knowledge that is paid for will be longer remembered. -Nachman of Bratslav': 1, 'Intoxicated with unbroken success, we have become too self-sufficient to feel the necessity of redeeming and preserving grace, too proud to pray to the God that made us. -Abraham Lincoln': 1, "I love Thanksgiving. It's the only time in Los Angeles that you see natural breasts. -Arnold Schwarzenegger": 1, "I'm a middle age white guy, which means I'm constantly reminded that my particular group is responsible for the oppression of every known minority PLUS most wars PLUS government corruption PLUS pollution of the environment, not to mention that it was middle-age white guys who killed Bambi's mom. -Dave Barry": 2, 'Of course the people dont want war...that is understood. But voice or no voice, the people can always be brought to the bidding of the leaders. That is easy. All you have to do is tell them they are being attacked, and denounce the pacifists for lack of patriotism and exposing the country to danger. It works the same in any country. -Hermann Goering': 2, "When we got into office, the thing that surprised me the most was that things were as bad as we'd been saying they were. -John F. Kennedy": 2, 'There is no question that there is an unseen world. The problem is, how far is it from midtown and how late is it open? -Woody Allen': 1, 'The difference between genius and stupidity is that genius has its limits. -Albert Einstein': 1, "You cannot go on 'explaining away' for ever: you will find that you have explained explanation itself away. You cannot go on 'seeing through' things for ever. The whole point of seeing through something is to see something through it. -C.S. Lewis": 1, 'It is said that gifts persuade even the gods. -Euripides': 1, 'I would not join any club that would have someone like me for a member. -Groucho Marx': 1, "I have come to the conclusion that my subjective account of my motivation is largely mythical on almost all occasions. I don't know why I do things. -J.B.S. Haldane": 1, 'The good thing about being bisexual is that it doubles your chance of a date on a Saturday night. -Woody Allen': 1, 'It is only by doing things others have not that one can advance. -George Patton': 1, 'Education is an admirable thing, but it is well to remember from time to time that nothing that is worth knowing can be taught. -Oscar Wilde': 2, 'If you see ten troubles coming down the road, you can be sure that nine will run into the ditch before they reach you. -Calvin Coolidge': 1, 'To me there has never been a higher source of earthly honor or distinction than that connected with advances in science. -Isaac Newton': 1, 'He that cannot obey, cannot command. -Benjamin Franklin': 1, 'The magic of first love is our ignorance that it can never end. -Benjamin Disraeli': 1, 'Let us not forget that the cultivation of the earth is the most important labor of man. When tillage begins, other arts will follow. The farmers, therefore, are the founders of civilization. -Daniel Webster': 1, 'We know life is futile. A man who considers that his life is of very wonderful importance is awfully close to a padded cell. -Clarence Darrow': 1, "All I want out of life, is that when I walk down the street folks will say, 'There goes the greatest hitter that ever lived.' -Ted Williams": 2, 'There is only one force of history that can break the reign of hatred and resentment, and expose the pretensions of tyrants, and reward the hopes of the decent and tolerant, and that is the force of human freedom. -George W. Bush': 2, 'This does not mean that the enemy is to be allowed to escape. The object is to make him believe that there is a road to safety, and thus prevent his fighting with the courage of despair. After that, you may crush him. -Sun Tzu': 3, 'Experience proves this, or that, or nothing, according to the preconceptions we bring to it. -C.S. Lewis': 1, 'Question with boldness even the existence of a God; because, if there be one, he must more approve of the homage of reason, than that of blind-folded fear. -Thomas Jefferson': 1, 'From kindergarten to graduation, I went to public schools, and I know that they are a key to being sure that every child has a chance to succeed and to rise in the world. -Dick Cheney': 2, "The only reason for time is so that everything doesn't happen at once. -Albert Einstein": 1, "The nice thing about being a celebrity is that, if you bore people, they think it's their fault. -Henry Kissinger": 1, 'There is a theory which states that if ever anyone discovers exactly what the Universe is for and why it is here, it will instantly disappear and be replaced by something even more bizarre and inexplicable. There is another theory which states that this has already happened. -Douglas Adams': 2, 'Freedom is the right to question and change the established way of doing things. It is the continuous revolution of the marketplace. It is the understanding that allows us to recognize shortcomings and seek solutions. -Ronald Reagan': 1, "Of course I don't believe in it. But I understand that it brings you luck whether you believe in it or not. -Niels Bohr": 1, "I once said cynically of a politician, 'He'll doublecross that bridge when he comes to it.' -Oscar Levant": 1, 'Good manners will open doors that the best education cannot. -Clarence Thomas': 1, 'What you do speaks so loudly that I cannot hear what you say. -Ralph Waldo Emerson': 1, 'I have one yardstick by which I test every major problem-and that yardstick is: Is it good for America? -Dwight Eisenhower': 1, 'If you start to think about your physical or moral condition, you usually find that you are sick. -Johann Wolfgang von Goethe': 1, 'Experts tell us that if the Millennium Bug is not fixed, when the year 2000 arrives, our financial records will be inaccurate, our telephone system will be unreliable, our government will be paralyzed and airline flights will be canceled without warning. In other words, things will be pretty much the same as they are now. -Dave Barry': 1, 'Nothing separates the generations more than music. By the time a child is eight or nine, he has developed a passion for his own music that is even stronger than his passions for procrastination and weird clothes. -Bill Cosby': 1, 'How did it happen that their lips came together? How does it happen that birds sing, that snow melts, that the rose unfolds, that the dawn whitens behind the stark shapes of trees on the quivering summit of the hill? A kiss, and all was said. -Victor Hugo': 5, "Never continue in a job you don't enjoy. If you're happy in what you're doing, you'll like yourself, you'll have inner peace. And if you have that, along with physical health, you will have had more success than you could possibly have imagined. -Johnny Carson": 1, 'It is by the goodness of God that, in this country, we have three benefits: freedom of speech, freedom of thought, and the wisdom never to use either. -Mark Twain': 1, 'If a man is called to be a streetsweeper, he should sweep streets even as Michelangelo painted, or Beethoven composed music, or Shakespeare wrote poetry. He should sweep streets so well that all the host of heaven and earth will pause to say, here lived a great streetsweeper who did his job well. -Martin Luther King Jr.': 1, 'In the long run, we shape our lives and we shape ourselves. The process never ends until we die, and the choices that we make are ultimately our responsibility. -Eleanor Roosevelt': 1, 'Cast your cares on God; that anchor holds. -Frank Moore Colby': 1, 'Let us have faith that right makes might, and in that faith, let us, to the end, dare to do our duty as we understand it. -Abraham Lincoln': 2, "In every man's heart there is a secret nerve that answers to the vibrations of beauty. -Christopher Morley": 1, 'Life is anything that dies when you stomp on it. -Dave Barry': 1, "Unless the religious claims of the Bible are again acknowledged, its literary claims will, I think, be given only 'mouth honour' and that decreasingly. -C.S. Lewis": 1, "Money never made a man happy yet, nor will it. There is nothing in its nature to produce happiness. The more a man has, the more he wants. Instead of its filling a vacuum, it makes one. If it satisfies one want, it doubles and trebles that want another way. That was a true proverb of the wise man, rely upon it; ''Better is little with the fear of the Lord, than great treasure, and trouble therewith. -Benjamin Franklin": 2, 'Without question, the greatest invention in the history of mankind is beer. Oh, I grant you that the wheel was also a fine invention, but the wheel does not go nearly as well with pizza. -Dave Barry': 1, 'Philosophy is questions that may never be answered. Religion is answers that may never be questioned. -Author Unknown': 2, 'Of all the animals, man is the only one that lies. -Mark Twain': 1, "I had a dream the other night. I dreamed that Jimmy Carter came to me and asked why I wanted his job. I told him I didn't want his job. I want to be President. -Ronald Reagan": 1, "Speeches are for the younger men who are going places. And I'm not going anyplace except six feet under the floor of that little chapel adjoining the museum and library at Abilene. -Dwight Eisenhower": 1, "We all want progress, but if you're on the wrong road, progress means doing an about-turn and walking back to the right road; in that case, the man who turns back soonest is the most progressive. -C.S. Lewis": 1, 'Such is the delicacy of man alone, that no object is produced to his liking. He finds that in everything there is need for improvement. The whole industry of human life is employed not in procuring the supply of our three humble necessities, food, clothes and lodging, but in procuring the conveniences of it according to the nicety and delicacy of our tastes. -Adam Smith': 2, 'Success, the real success, does not depend upon the position you hold but upon how you carry yourself in that position. -Theodore Roosevelt': 1, 'It is your mind that creates this world. -Siddhartha Buddha': 1, "I know God will not give me anything I can't handle. I just wish that He didn't trust me so much. -Mother Teresa": 1, 'If we have no peace, it is because we have forgotten that we belong to each other. -Mother Teresa': 1, "I'm never going to be famous. My name will never be writ large on the roster of Those Who Do Things. I don't do any thing. Not one single thing. I used to bite my nails, but I don't even do that any more. -Dorothy Parker": 1, "Don't join the book burners. Do not think you are going to conceal thoughts by concealing evidence that they ever existed. -Dwight Eisenhower": 1, 'The worst thing that could happen to anybody, would be to not be used for anything by anybody. -Kurt Vonnegut': 1, "The statistics on sanity are that one out of every four Americans are suffering from some form of mental illness. Think of your three best friends. If they're okay, then it's you. -Rita Mae Brown": 1, 'Too many poets delude themselves by thinking that the mind is dangerous and must be left out. Well, the mind is dangerous and must be left in. -Robert Frost': 1, "Life's Tragedy is that we get old to soon and wise too late. -Benjamin Franklin": 1, "One of the great attractions of patriotism -- it fulfills our worst wishes. In the person of our nation we are able, vicariously, to bully and cheat. Bully and cheat, what's more, with a feeling that we are profoundly virtuous. -Aldous Huxley": 1, 'Government consists in nothing else but so controlling subjects that they shall neither be able to, nor have cause to do it harm. -Nicolo Machiavelli': 1, 'A star on a movie set is like a time bomb. That bomb has got to be defused so people can approach it without fear. -Jack Nicholson': 1, 'Experience is that marvelous thing that enables you to recognize a mistake when you make it again. -Franklin Jones': 2, 'They that can give up essential liberty to obtain a little temporary safety deserve neither liberty nor safety. -Benjamin Franklin': 1, 'Love is the delightful interval between meeting a beautiful girl and discovering that she looks like a haddock. -John Barrymore': 1, 'It is hard to believe that a man is telling the truth when you know that you would lie if you were in his place. -Henry Mencken': 2, 'A word is dead when it is said, some say. I say it just begins to live that day. -Emily Dickinson': 1, 'What is the most important for democracy is not that great fortunes should not exist, but that great fortunes should not remain in the same hands. In that way there are rich men, but they do not form a class. -Alexis de Tocqueville': 3, 'The mintage of wisdom is to know that rest is rust, and that real life is in love, laughter, and work. -Elbert Hubbard': 2, 'Man [has] always assumed that he was more intelligent than dolphins because he had achieved so much-the wheel, New York, wars and so on-while all the dolphins had ever done was muck about in the water having a good time. But conversely, the dolphins had always believed that they were far more intelligent than man-for precisely the same reason. -Douglas Adams': 2, 'Observe constantly that all things take place by change, and accustom thyself to consider that the nature of the Universe love nothing so much as to change. The Universe is change. -Marcus Aurelius': 2, 'Trust the people. This is the one irrefutable lesson of the entire postwar period contradicting the notion that rigid government controls are essential to economic development. -Ronald Reagan': 1, 'Most modern freedom is at root fear. It is not so much that we are too bold to endure rules; it is rather that we are too timid to endure responsibilities. -GK Chesterton': 2, 'Just as your hand, held before the eye, can hide the tallest mountain, so this small earthly life keeps us from seeing the vast radiance that fills the core of the universe. -Nachman of Bratslav': 1, 'It is your work in life that is the ultimate seduction. -Pablo Picasso': 1, "To me, it's always a good idea to always carry two sacks of something when you walk around. That way, if anybody says, 'Hey, can you give me a hand?,' you can say, 'Sorry, got these sacks.' -Jack Handey": 1, 'It is always thus, impelled by a state of mind which is destined not to last, that we make our irrevocable decisions. -Marcel Proust': 1, "We must repsect the other fellow's religion, but only in the sense and to the extent that we respect his theory that his wife is beautiful and his children are smart. -Henry Mencken": 2, 'The things that will destroy America are prosperity at any price, peace at any price, safety first instead of duty first, the love of soft living and the get rich quick theory of life. -Theodore Roosevelt': 1, "It ain't what you don't know that gets you into trouble. It's what you know for sure that just ain't so. -Mark Twain": 2, 'It behooves every man to remember that the work of the critic is of altogether secondary importance, and that, in the end, progress is accomplished by the man who does things. -Theodore Roosevelt': 2, 'That men do not learn very much from the lessons of history is the most important of all the lessons of history. -Aldous Huxley': 1, 'By a curious confusion, many modern critics have passed from the proposition that a masterpiece may be unpopular to the other proposition that unless it is unpopular it cannot be a masterpiece. -GK Chesterton': 2, 'Love anything and your heart will be wrung and possibly broken. If you want to make sure of keeping it intact you must give it to no one, not even an animal. Wrap it carefully round with hobbies and little luxuries; avoid all entanglements. Lock it up safe in the casket or coffin of your selfishness. But in that casket, safe, dark, motionless, airless, it will change. It will not be broken; it will become unbreakable, impenetrable, irredeemable. To love is to be vulnerable. -C.S. Lewis': 1, 'People can misinterpret almost anything so that it coincides with views they already hold. They take from art what they already believe. -Stanley Kubrick': 1, "Reality is that which, when you stop believing in it, doesn't go away. -Phillip K. Dick": 1, 'I feel impelled to speak today in a language that in a sense is new-one which I, who have spent so much of my life in the military profession, would have preferred never to use. That new language is the language of atomic warfare. -Dwight Eisenhower': 2, 'All enterprises that are entered into with indiscreet zeal may be pursued with great vigor at first, but are sure to collapse in the end. -Tacitus': 1, 'A mind that is stretched by a new experience can never go back to its old dimensions. -Oliver Wendell Holmes': 1, 'In any fairly large and talkative community such as a university there is always the danger that those who think alike should gravitate together where they will henceforth encounter opposition only in the emasculated form of rumour that the outsiders say thus and thus. The absent are easily refuted, complacent dogmatism thrives, and differences of opinion are embittered by the group hostility. Each group hears not the best, but the worst, that the other group can say. -C.S. Lewis': 3, 'He that would make his own liberty secure, must guard even his enemy from opposition; for if he violates this duty he establishes a precedent that will reach himself. -Thomas Paine': 2, 'Laughter is the sun that drives winter from the human face. -Victor Hugo': 1, "Democracy means that anyone can grow up to be president, and anyone who doesn't grow up can be vice president. -Johnny Carson": 1, 'The difference between sex and death is that with death you can do it alone and no one is going to make fun of you. -Woody Allen': 1, 'Rome remained free for four hundred years and Sparta eight hundred, although their citizens were armed all that time; but many other states that have been disarmed have lost their liberties in less than forty years. -Nicolo Machiavelli': 2, 'It is a grand mistake to think of being great without goodness and I pronounce it as certain that there was never a truly great man that was not at the same time truly virtuous. -Benjamin Franklin': 2, "Cocaine is God's way of telling someone that they're too rich. -Robin Williams": 1, 'The thing we all have to understand to put these last two years in focus, is that liberals in this country care more about whether European leaders like us than they do about whether terrorists are killing us. -Rush Limbaugh': 1, "I told my psychiatrist that everyone hates me. He said I was being ridiculous - everyone hasn't met me yet. -Rodney Dangerfield": 1, 'For each illness that doctors cure with medicine, they provoke ten in healthy people by inoculating them with the virus that is a thousand times more powerful than any microbe: the idea that one is ill. -Marcel Proust': 3, 'When nothing seems to help, I go and look at a stonecutter hammering away at his rock perhaps a hundred times without as much as a crack showing in it. Yet at the hundred and first blow it will split in two, and I know it was not that blow that did it, but all that had gone before. -Jacob August Riis': 3, 'Men have always been afraid that women could get along without them. -Margaret Mead': 1, 'I believe one of the reasons so many do not get a higher education is the fear of their parents that they will lose more morally than they will receive mentally. -William Jennings Bryan': 1, 'I like television. I still believe that television is the most powerful form of communication on Earth -- I just hate what is being done with it. -Alton Brown': 1, 'Happy, happy Christmas, that can win us back to the delusions of our childhood days, recall to the old man the pleasures of his youth, and transport the traveler back to his own fireside and quiet home! -Charles Dickens': 1, 'Accept the challenges so that you can feel the exhilaration of victory. -George Patton': 1, 'On the plus side, death is one of the few things that can be done just as easily lying down. -Woody Allen': 1, 'The greatest happiness of life is the conviction that we are loved, loved for ourselves, or rather, loved in spite of ourselves. -Victor Hugo': 1, 'PRESIDENT, n. The leading figure in a small group of men of whom \x97 and of whom only \x97 it is positively known that immense numbers of their countrymen did not want any of them for President. -Ambrose Bierce': 1, "Nothing is wrong with Southern California that a rise in the ocean level wouldn't cure. -Kenneth Millar": 1, "If you're in a boxing match, try not to let the other guy's glove touch your lips, because you don't know where that glove has been. -Jack Handey": 1, 'The Democrats seem to be basically nicer people, but they have demonstrated time and again that they have the management skills of celery. -Dave Barry': 1, 'It has been said that man is a rational animal. All my life I have been searching for evidence which could support this. -Bertrand Russell': 1, 'He that would live in peace and at ease must not speak all he knows or all he sees. -Benjamin Franklin': 1, "I think computer viruses should count as life. I think it says something about human nature that the only form of life we have created so far is purely destructive. We've created life in our own image. -Stephen Hawking": 1, 'Nothing before had ever made me thoroughly realise, though I had read various scientific books, that science consists in grouping facts so that general laws or conclusions may be drawn from them. -Charles Darwin': 2} 
season {'Love is a fruit in season at all times, and within reach of every hand. -Mother Teresa': 1, 'That is the true season of love, when we believe that we alone can love, that no one could ever have loved so before us, and that no one will love in the same way after us. -Johann Wolfgang von Goethe': 1} 
continuous {'Freedom is the right to question and change the established way of doing things. It is the continuous revolution of the marketplace. It is the understanding that allows us to recognize shortcomings and seek solutions. -Ronald Reagan': 1} 
huh {'The ACLU is always yakking about the Constitution, and most of us are getting mighty tired of it. I mean, if the Constitution is so great, how come it was amended so many times? Huh? -Dave Barry': 1} 
accurately {'I arrive at the end of this review having done my duty as a critic. I have described the movie accurately and you have a good idea what you are in for if you go to see it. Most of you will not. I cannot argue with you. Some of you will--the brave and the curious. You embody the spirit of the man who first wondered what it would taste like to eat an oyster. -Roger Ebert': 1} 
inexpressible {'After silence, that which comes nearest to expressing the inexpressible is Music. -Aldous Huxley': 1} 
administered {'In framing a government which is to be administered by men over men the great difficulty lies in this: You must first enable the government to control the governed, and in the next place, oblige it to control itself. -Alexander Hamilton': 1} 
ridiculous {"I told my psychiatrist that everyone hates me. He said I was being ridiculous - everyone hasn't met me yet. -Rodney Dangerfield": 1} 
tumescent {"The function of RAM is to give us guys a way of deciding whose computer has the biggest, studliest, most tumescent MEMORY. This is important, because with today's complex software, the more memory a computer has, the faster it can produce error messages. So the bottom line is, if you're a guy, you cannot have enough RAM. -Dave Barry": 1} 
flowers {'I have gathered a posie of other men\x92s flowers, and nothing but the thread that binds them is mine own. -John Bartlett': 1, "What sunshine is to flowers, smiles are to humanity. These are but trifles, to be sure; but scattered along life's pathway, the good they do is inconceivable. -Joseph Addison": 1} 
than {'Ten people who speak make more noise than ten thousand who are silent. -Napoleon Bonaparte': 1, 'Those who forget good and evil and seek only to know the facts are more likely to achieve good than those who view the world through the distorting medium of their own desires. -Bertrand Russell': 1, 'The least of things with a meaning is worth more in life than the greatest of things without it. -Carl Jung': 1, 'It must be remembered that there is nothing more difficult to plan, more doubtful of success nor more dangerous to manage than the creation of a new system. For the initiator has the enmity of all who profit by the preservation of the old institution and merely lukewarm defenders in those who would gain by the new one. -Nicolo Machiavelli': 1, 'Children today know more about sex than I or my father did. -Bill Cosby': 1, "Associate yourself with men of good quality if you esteem your own reputation; for 'tis better to be alone than in bad company. -George Washington": 1, 'An idea that is developed and put into action is more important than an idea that exists only as an idea. -Siddhartha Buddha': 1, "I've got more trophies than Wayne Gretzky & The Pope combined! -Homer Simpson": 1, "I'd rather hear an old truth than a new lie. -Chris Bowyer": 1, 'I made this letter longer than usual because I lack the time to make it short. -Blaise Pascal': 1, 'All good art is about something deeper than it admits. -Roger Ebert': 1, 'If there is any principle of the Constitution that more imperatively calls for attachment than any other it is the principle of free thought, not free thought for those who agree with us but freedom for the thought that we hate. -Oliver Wendell Holmes': 1, 'Nothing separates the generations more than music. By the time a child is eight or nine, he has developed a passion for his own music that is even stronger than his passions for procrastination and weird clothes. -Bill Cosby': 2, 'Life does not cease to be funny when people die any more than it ceases to be serious when people laugh. -George Bernard Shaw': 1, 'Everything is simpler than you think and at the same time more complex than you imagine. -Johann Wolfgang von Goethe': 2, "Never continue in a job you don't enjoy. If you're happy in what you're doing, you'll like yourself, you'll have inner peace. And if you have that, along with physical health, you will have had more success than you could possibly have imagined. -Johnny Carson": 1, 'To defend Western Europe we have to let the Pentagon buy all these tanks and guns and things, and the Pentagon is unable to buy any object that that costs less than a condominium in Vail. If the Pentagon needs, say, fruit, it will argue that it must have fruit that can withstand the rigors of combat conditions, and it will wind up purchasing the FX-700 Seedless Tactical Grape, which will cost $160,000 per bunch, and will have an 83 percent failure rate. -Dave Barry': 1, 'Few people think more than two or three times a year. I have made an international reputation for myself by thinking once or twice a week. -George Bernard Shaw': 1, 'An oppressive government is more to be feared than a tiger. -Confucius': 1, 'It is always more difficult to fight against faith than against knowledge. -Adolf Hitler': 1, 'It is better to be bold than too circumspect, because fortune is of a sex which likes not a tardy wooer and repulses all who are not ardent. -Nicolo Machiavelli': 1, 'Nothing in the world is more dangerous than sincere ignorance and conscientious stupidity. -Martin Luther King Jr.': 1, 'Man [has] always assumed that he was more intelligent than dolphins because he had achieved so much-the wheel, New York, wars and so on-while all the dolphins had ever done was muck about in the water having a good time. But conversely, the dolphins had always believed that they were far more intelligent than man-for precisely the same reason. -Douglas Adams': 2, 'The broad masses of a population are more amenable to the appeal of rhetoric than to any other force. -Adolf Hitler': 1, 'I have often wondered how it is that every man loves himself more than all the rest of men, but yet sets less value on his own opinion of himself than on the opinion of others. -Marcus Aurelius': 2, "Money never made a man happy yet, nor will it. There is nothing in its nature to produce happiness. The more a man has, the more he wants. Instead of its filling a vacuum, it makes one. If it satisfies one want, it doubles and trebles that want another way. That was a true proverb of the wise man, rely upon it; ''Better is little with the fear of the Lord, than great treasure, and trouble therewith. -Benjamin Franklin": 1, "Is there anything more beautiful than a beautiful, beautiful flamingo, flying across in front of a beautiful sunset? And he's carrying a beautiful rose in his beak, and also he's carrying a very beautiful painting with his feet. And also, you're drunk. -Jack Handey": 1, "Of all tyrannies, a tyranny exercised for the good of its victims may be the most oppressive. It may be better to live under robber barons than under omnipotent moral busybodies. The robber baron's cruelty may sometimes sleep, his cupidity may at some point be satiated; but those who torment us for our own good will torment us without end, for they do so with the approval of their own conscience. -C.S. Lewis": 1, 'Well-timed silence hath more eloquence than speech. -Martin Farquhar Tupper': 1, 'People will pay more to be entertained than educated. -Johnny Carson': 1, 'There is nothing more exhilarating than to be shot at without result. -Winston Churchill': 1, 'You find out more about God from the Moral Law than from the univerise in general just as you find out more about a man by listening to his conversation than by looking at a house he has built. -C.S. Lewis': 2, "We seem to be going through a period of nostalgia, and everyone seems to think yesterday was better than today. I don't think it was, and I would advise you not to wait ten years before admitting today was great. If you're hung up on nostalgia, pretend today is yesterday and just go out and have one hell of a time. -Art Buchwald": 1, 'Men show their characters in nothing more clearly than in what they think laughable. -Johann Wolfgang von Goethe': 1, 'You can discover more about a person in an hour of play than in a year of conversation. -Plato': 1, 'Rome remained free for four hundred years and Sparta eight hundred, although their citizens were armed all that time; but many other states that have been disarmed have lost their liberties in less than forty years. -Nicolo Machiavelli': 1, 'If you are resolutely determined to make a lawyer of yourself, the thing is more than half done already. -Abraham Lincoln': 1, 'Mothers are fonder than fathers of their children because they are more certain they are their own. -Aristotle': 1, 'For each illness that doctors cure with medicine, they provoke ten in healthy people by inoculating them with the virus that is a thousand times more powerful than any microbe: the idea that one is ill. -Marcel Proust': 1, 'I believe one of the reasons so many do not get a higher education is the fear of their parents that they will lose more morally than they will receive mentally. -William Jennings Bryan': 1, 'A man is never more truthful than when he acknowledges himself a liar. -Mark Twain': 1, 'I do not believe one can settle how much we ought to give. I am afraid the only safe rule is to give more than we can spare. -C.S. Lewis': 1, 'This will never be a civilized country until we expend more money for books than we do for chewing gum. -Elbert Hubbard': 1, 'True patriotism hates injustice in its own land more than anywhere else. -Clarence Darrow': 1, 'Ignorance more frequently begets confidence than does knowledge. -Charles Darwin': 1, 'It is better to keep your mouth closed and let people think you are a fool than to open it and remove all doubt. -Mark Twain': 1, "There's nothing sadder in this world than to awake Christmas morning and not be a child. -Erna Bombeck": 1, 'Your children need your presence more than your presents. -Jesse Jackson': 1, 'Old age is fifteen years older than I am. -Oliver Wendell Holmes': 1, 'The thing we all have to understand to put these last two years in focus, is that liberals in this country care more about whether European leaders like us than they do about whether terrorists are killing us. -Rush Limbaugh': 1, 'Collecting more taxes than is absolutely necessary is legalized robbery. -Calvin Coolidge': 1, "You know you're getting old when the candles cost more than the cake. -Bob Hope": 1, 'I honestly think it is better to be a failure at something you love than to be a success at something you hate. -George Burns': 1, 'Time makes more converts than reason. -Thomas Paine': 1, 'More than kisses, letters mingle souls. -John Donne': 1, 'If you will not fight for the right when you can easily win without bloodshed; if you will not fight when your victory will be sure and not too costly; you may come to the moment when you will have to fight with all the odds against you and only a small chance of survival. There may even be a worse case: you may have to fight when there is no hope of victory, because it is better to perish than to live as slaves. -Winston Churchill': 1, 'To me there has never been a higher source of earthly honor or distinction than that connected with advances in science. -Isaac Newton': 1, 'Americans are so enamored of equality, they would rather be equal in slavery than unequal in freedom. -Alexis de Tocqueville': 1, 'Question with boldness even the existence of a God; because, if there be one, he must more approve of the homage of reason, than that of blind-folded fear. -Thomas Jefferson': 1} 
population {"The puritanism of Christianity has played havoc with the moderation that an enlightened and tolerant critical spirit would have produced. I've noticed that in whatever country, county, town, or other region there is a regulation enjoining temperance, the population seems to be entirely composed of teetotallers and drunkards. There's a Bible on that shelf there. But I keep it next to Voltaire - poison and antidote. -Bertrand Russell": 1, 'The broad masses of a population are more amenable to the appeal of rhetoric than to any other force. -Adolf Hitler': 1} 
edmund burke {'If we command our wealth, we shall be rich and free; if our wealth commands us, we are poor indeed. -Edmund Burke': 1, 'No passion so effectually robs the mind of all its powers of acting and reasoning as fear. -Edmund Burke': 1, 'Sin has many tools, but a lie is the handle which fits them all. -Edmund Burke': 1} 
wide {'When an American says that he loves his country, he means not only that he loves the New England hills, the prairies glistening in the sun, the wide and rising plains, the great mountains, and the sea. He means that he loves an inner air, an inner light in which freedom lives and in which a man can draw the breath of self-respect. -Adlai Stevenson': 1} 
television {'I like television. I still believe that television is the most powerful form of communication on Earth -- I just hate what is being done with it. -Alton Brown': 2, 'Television is a medium of entertainment which permits millions of people to listen to the same joke at the same time, and yet remain lonesome. -T.S. Eliot': 1} 
unfortunately {'There are three rules for writing a novel. Unfortunately, no one knows what they are. -W. Somerset Maugham': 1, 'Time is a great teacher, but unfortunately it kills all its pupils. -Louis Hector Berlioz': 1} 
posie {'I have gathered a posie of other men\x92s flowers, and nothing but the thread that binds them is mine own. -John Bartlett': 1} 
gotta {"If you wanna be free, you've gotta accept everything. -Jason Mechalek": 1} 
folly {'It is the madness of folly, to expect mercy from those who have refused to do justice; and even mercy, where conquest is the object, is only a trick of war; the cunning of the fox is as murderous as the violence of the wolf. -Thomas Paine': 1, 'Love is the wisdom of the fool and the folly of the wise. -Samuel Johnson': 1} 
karate {'Karate is a form of marital arts in which people who have had years and years of training can, using only their hands and feet, make some of the worst movies in the history of the world. -Dave Barry': 1} 
john donne {'More than kisses, letters mingle souls. -John Donne': 1} 
future {"There's no present. There's only the immediate future and the recent past. -George Carlin": 1, 'The direction in which education starts a man will determine his future life. -Plato': 1, 'Reason is experimental intelligence, conceived after the pattern of science, and used in the creation of social arts; it has something to do. It liberates man from the bondage of the past, due to ignorance and accident hardened into custom. It projects a better future and assists man in its realization. -John Dewey': 1, 'The United States stands at the pinnacle of world power. This is a solemn moment for the American democracy. For with primacy in power is joined an awe-inspiring accountability for the future. -Winston Churchill': 1, 'Demoralize the enemy from within by surprise, terror, sabotage, assassination. This is the war of the future. -Adolf Hitler': 1, 'Life is no brief candle to me. It is a sort of splendid torch which I have got a hold of for the moment, and I want to make it burn as brightly as possible before handing it onto future generations. -George Bernard Shaw': 1, 'He who controls the present, controls the past. He who controls the past, controls the future. -George Orwell': 1, 'There is hope for the future because God has a sense of humor and we are funny to God. -Bill Cosby': 1, 'Prediction is very difficult, especially about the future. -Niels Bohr': 1} 
apples {'If you have an apple and I have an apple and we exchange these apples then you and I will still each have one apple. But if you have an idea and I have an idea and we exchange these ideas, then each of us will have two ideas. -George Bernard Shaw': 1} 
were {'Were it possible for us to wait for ourselves to come into the room, not many of us would find our hearts breaking into flower as we heard the door handle turn. -Rebecca West': 1, 'God loves each of us as if there were only one of us. -Saint Augustine': 1, 'Live as if you were to die tomorrow. Learn as if you were to live forever. -Mahatma Gandhi': 2, 'If the primary aim of a captain were to preserve his ship, he would keep it in port forever. -Thomas Aquinas': 1, 'It is hard to believe that a man is telling the truth when you know that you would lie if you were in his place. -Henry Mencken': 1, 'Cooking was invented in prehistoric times, when a primitive tribe had a lucky accident. The tribe had killed an animal and was going to eat it raw, when a tribe member named Woog tripped and dropped it into the fire. At first the other tribe members were angry at Woog, but then, as the aroma of burning meat filled the air, they had an idea. So they ate Woog raw. -Dave Barry': 1, 'Imagination will often carry us to worlds that never were. But without it, we go nowhere. -Carl Sagan': 1, 'Rome remained free for four hundred years and Sparta eight hundred, although their citizens were armed all that time; but many other states that have been disarmed have lost their liberties in less than forty years. -Nicolo Machiavelli': 1, 'Back in the old days, most families were close-knit. Grown children and their parents continued to live together, under the same roof, sometimes in the same small, crowded room, year in and year out, until they died, frequently by strangulation. -Dave Barry': 1, "When we got into office, the thing that surprised me the most was that things were as bad as we'd been saying they were. -John F. Kennedy": 2, 'If I feel physically as if the top of my head were taken off, I know that is poetry. -Emily Dickinson': 1, "Many of life's failures are people who did not realize how close they were to success when they gave up. -Thomas Edison": 1, 'Man [has] always assumed that he was more intelligent than dolphins because he had achieved so much-the wheel, New York, wars and so on-while all the dolphins had ever done was muck about in the water having a good time. But conversely, the dolphins had always believed that they were far more intelligent than man-for precisely the same reason. -Douglas Adams': 1, 'If all our misfortunes were laid in one common heap, whence everyone must take an equal portion, most people would be content to take their own and depart. -Socrates': 1, 'The significant problems we face cannot be solved at the same level of thinking we were at when we created them. -Albert Einstein': 1, 'Some of your countrymen were unable to distinguish between their native dislike for war and the stainless patriotism of those who suffered its scars. But there has been a rethinking and now we can say to you, and say as a nation, thank you for your courage. -Ronald Reagan': 1, 'I hope that when you are my age, you will be able to say as I have been able to say: We lived in freedom. We lived lives that were a statement, not an apology. -Ronald Reagan': 1, 'No sooner do we depart from sense and instinct to follow reason but we are insensibly drawn into uncouth paradoxes, difficulties, and inconsistencies, which multiply and grow upon us as we advance in speculation; till at length, having wandered through many intricate mazes, we find ourselves just where we were, or, which is worse, sit down in a forlorn scepticism. -George Berkeley': 1, 'No doubt those who really founded modern science were usually those whose love of truth exceeded their love of power. -C.S. Lewis': 1} 
miles {'A journey of a thousand miles begins with a single step. -Confucius': 1} 
simpleminded {'Washington is a Hollywood for ugly people. Hollywood is a Washington for the simpleminded. -John McCain': 1} 
damned {'Life is just one damned thing after another. -Elbert Hubbard': 1} 
and {"It is impossible to experience one's death objectively and still carry a tune. -Woody Allen": 1, "Science is not about building a body of known 'facts'. It is a method for asking awkward questions and subjecting them to a reality-check, thus avoiding the human tendency to believe whatever makes us feel good. -Terry Pratchett": 1, 'Humility must always be the portion of any man who receives acclaim earned in blood of his followers and sacrifices of his friends. -Dwight Eisenhower': 1, 'As Mankind becomes more liberal, they will be more apt to allow that all those who conduct themselves as worthy members of the community are equally entitled to the protections of civil government. I hope ever to see America among the foremost nations of justice and liberality. -George Washington': 1, "I've worked for four presidents and watched two others up close, and I know that there's no such thing as a routine day in the Oval Office. -Dick Cheney": 2, 'Women are the only realists; their whole object in life is to pit their realism against the extravagant, excessive, and occasionally drunken idealism of men. -GK Chesterton': 1, 'Every gun that is made, every warship launched, every rocket fired, signifies in the final sense a theft from those who hunger and are not fed, those who are cold and are not clothed. -Dwight Eisenhower': 2, 'The cost of freedom is always high, but Americans have always paid it. And one path we shall never choose, and that is the path of surrender, or submission. -John F. Kennedy': 2, "Happiness is so hard to define and foolish to define. Am I acting? That's the worst thing you can ask yourself. You can be happy suddenly. It can spring on you, not when you reach a plateau. You can be happy going backward or going down. You can be happy at the loss of something. -Steve Martin": 1, 'Religion operates not only on the vertical plane but also on the horizontal. It seeks not only to integrate men with God but to integrate men with men and each man with himself. -Martin Luther King Jr.': 1, 'Back in the old days, most families were close-knit. Grown children and their parents continued to live together, under the same roof, sometimes in the same small, crowded room, year in and year out, until they died, frequently by strangulation. -Dave Barry': 2, 'I will honor Christmas in my heart, and try to keep it all the year. -Charles Dickens': 1, 'We know too much, and are convinced of too little. Our literature is a substitute for religion, and so is our religion. -T.S. Eliot': 2, "The puritanism of Christianity has played havoc with the moderation that an enlightened and tolerant critical spirit would have produced. I've noticed that in whatever country, county, town, or other region there is a regulation enjoining temperance, the population seems to be entirely composed of teetotallers and drunkards. There's a Bible on that shelf there. But I keep it next to Voltaire - poison and antidote. -Bertrand Russell": 3, 'The Nation which indulges toward another an habitual hatred or an habitual fondness is in some degree a slave. It is a slave to its animosity or to its affection, either of which is sufficient to lead it astray from its duty and its interest. -George Washington': 1, 'The intellect is not a serious thing, and never has been. It is an instrument on which one plays, that is all. -Oscar Wilde': 1, 'When an American says that he loves his country, he means not only that he loves the New England hills, the prairies glistening in the sun, the wide and rising plains, the great mountains, and the sea. He means that he loves an inner air, an inner light in which freedom lives and in which a man can draw the breath of self-respect. -Adlai Stevenson': 3, "You should do your own car repairs. It's an easy way to save money and possibly maim yourself for life. -Dave Barry": 1, 'One definition of an economist is somebody who sees something happen in practice and wonders if it will work in theory. -Ronald Reagan': 1, 'Washington is a city of Southern efficiency and Northern charm. -John F. Kennedy': 1, "Anybody can become angry - that is easy, but to be angry with the right person and to the right degree and at the right time and for the right purpose, and in the right way - that is not within everybody's power and is not easy. -Aristotle": 5, 'Analyzing humor is like dissecting a frog. Few people are interested and the frog dies of it. -E.B. White': 1, 'Let the word go forth from this time and place, to friend and foe alike, that the torch has been passed to a new generation of Americans. -John F. Kennedy': 2, "To me, clowns aren't funny. In fact, they're kinda scary. I've wondered where this started, and I think it goes back to the time I went to the circus and a clown killed my dad. -Jack Handey": 2, 'It is better to be bold than too circumspect, because fortune is of a sex which likes not a tardy wooer and repulses all who are not ardent. -Nicolo Machiavelli': 1, "There are people who put their dreams in a little box and say, Yes, I've got dreams, of course I've got dreams. Then they put the box away and bring it out once in awhile to look in it, and yep, they're still there. -Erna Bombeck": 3, 'Nothing in the world is more dangerous than sincere ignorance and conscientious stupidity. -Martin Luther King Jr.': 1, 'It is astonishing what an effort it seems to be for many people to put their brains definitely and systematically to work. -Thomas Edison': 1, 'No human relation gives one possession in another...every two souls are absolutely different. In friendship and in love, the two side by side raise hands together to find what one cannot reach alone. -Kahlil Gibran': 1, 'Death is psychologically as important as birth. Shrinking away from it is something unhealthy and abnormal which robs the second half of life of its purpose. -Carl Jung': 1, 'Nothing gives one person so much advantage over another as to remain always cool and unruffled under all circumstances. -Thomas Jefferson': 1, 'The hour of departure has arrived, and we go our ways - I to die, and you to live. Which is better God only knows. -Plato': 2, 'Some of your countrymen were unable to distinguish between their native dislike for war and the stainless patriotism of those who suffered its scars. But there has been a rethinking and now we can say to you, and say as a nation, thank you for your courage. -Ronald Reagan': 3, 'The great nations have always acted like gangsters, and the small nations like prostitutes. -Stanley Kubrick': 1, 'For me, survival is the ability to cope with difficulties, with circumstances, and to overcome them. -Nelson Mandela': 1, 'That is the true season of love, when we believe that we alone can love, that no one could ever have loved so before us, and that no one will love in the same way after us. -Johann Wolfgang von Goethe': 1, "If your kid makes one of those little homemade guitars out of a cigar box and rubber bands, don't let him just play it once or twice and then throw it away. Make him practice on it, every day, for about three hours a day. Later, he'll thank you. -Jack Handey": 2, 'On account of being a democracy and run by the people, we are the only nation in the world that has to keep a government four years, no matter what it does. -Will Rogers': 1, 'Alexander, Caesar, Charlemagne, and myself founded empires; but what foundation did we rest the creations of our genius? Upon force. Jesus Christ founded an empire upon love; and at this hour millions of men would die for Him. -Napoleon Bonaparte': 2, 'Being is desirable because it is identical with Beauty, and Beauty is loved because it is Being. We ourselves possess Beauty when we are true to our own being; ugliness is in going over to another order; knowing ourselves, we are beautiful; in self-ignorance, we are ugly. -Ambrose Bierce': 1, "It is necessary for the welfare of society that genius should be privileged to utter sedition, to blaspheme, to outrage good taste, to corrupt the youthful mind, and generally to scandalize one's uncles. -George Bernard Shaw": 1, "Forgive, O Lord, my little jokes on Thee, and I'll forgive Thy great big joke on me. -Robert Frost": 1, 'Freedom is the right to question and change the established way of doing things. It is the continuous revolution of the marketplace. It is the understanding that allows us to recognize shortcomings and seek solutions. -Ronald Reagan': 2, 'Christmas can be celebrated in the school room with pine trees, tinsel and reindeers, but there must be no mention of the man whose birthday is being celebrated. One wonders how a teacher would answer if a student asked why it was called Christmas. -Ronald Reagan': 1, 'I have gathered a posie of other men\x92s flowers, and nothing but the thread that binds them is mine own. -John Bartlett': 1, 'My dream is of a place and a time where America will once again be seen as the last best hope of earth. -Abraham Lincoln': 1, "To be wise and love exceeds man's might. -William Shakespeare": 1, "The only way to keep your health is to eat what you don't want, drink what you don't like, and do what you'd rather not. -Mark Twain": 1, 'The time which we have at our disposal every day is elastic; the passions we feel expand it, those that we inspire contract it, and habit fills up what remains. -Marcel Proust': 1, 'America is not like a blanket: one piece of unbroken cloth, the same color, the same texture, the same size. America is more like a quilt: many patches, many pieces, many colors, many sizes, all woven and held together by a common thread. -Jesse Jackson': 1, 'The first principle is that you must not fool yourself - and you are the easiest person to fool. -Richard P. Feynman': 1, 'It is better to keep your mouth closed and let people think you are a fool than to open it and remove all doubt. -Mark Twain': 2, "I love argument, I love debate. I don't expect anyone just to sit there and agree with me, that's not their job. -Margaret Thatcher": 1, 'Against criticism a man can neither protest nor defend himself; he must act in spite of it, and then it will gradually yield to him. -Johann Wolfgang von Goethe': 1, 'I could not handle being a woman, I would stay home all day and play with my breasts. -Steve Martin': 1, 'Even if there is only one possible unified theory, it is just a set of rules and equations. What is it that breathes fire into the equations and makes a universe for them to describe? -Stephen Hawking': 2, 'Any reviewer who expresses rage and loathing for a novel is preposterous. He or she is like a person who has put on full armor and attacked a hot fudge sundae. -Kurt Vonnegut': 2, 'Hanging is too good for a man who makes puns -- he should be drawn and quoted. -Fred Allen': 1, 'He that fights and runs away, may turn and fight another day; but he that is in battle slain, will never rise to fight again. -Tacitus': 2, 'If all our misfortunes were laid in one common heap, whence everyone must take an equal portion, most people would be content to take their own and depart. -Socrates': 1, 'Government is not reason; it is not eloquent; it is force. Like fire, it is a dangerous servant and a fearful master. -George Washington': 1, 'To you taxpayers out there, let me say this: Make sure you file your tax return on time! And remember that, even though income taxes can be a \x93pain in the neck,\x94 the folks at the IRS are regular people just like you, except that they can destroy your life. -Dave Barry': 1, 'Nietzsche was stupid and abnormal. -Leo Tolstoy': 1, 'There is hope for the future because God has a sense of humor and we are funny to God. -Bill Cosby': 1, 'Show me a thoroughly satisfied man and I will show you a failure. -Thomas Edison': 1, 'From the prodigious hilltops of New Hampshire, let freedom ring. From the mighty mountains of New York, let freedom ring. From the heightening Alleghenies of Pennsylvania, let freedom ring. But not only that: Let freedom ring from every hill and molehill of Mississippi. -Martin Luther King Jr.': 1, "I think it's the duty of the comedian to find out where the line is drawn and cross it deliberately. -George Carlin": 1, 'Imagination is a quality given a man to compensate him for what he is not, and a sense of humor was provided to console him for what he is. -Oscar Wilde': 1, "Parents are not interested in justice, they're interested in peace and quiet. -Bill Cosby": 1, 'It is the dissimilarities and inequalities among men which give rise to the notion of honor; as such differences become less, it grows feeble; and when they disappear, it will vanish too. -Alexis de Tocqueville': 2, "A University of Chicago professor said the greatest day in the world was when a water puppy crawled out on land and decided to stay. The water puppy, he said, went on to become a man. If he proves that, I am willing to give up Christmas, Thanksgiving, and New Year's Day, and to celebrate Water Puppy Day. -William Jennings Bryan": 3, 'Freedom is not something that anybody can be given; freedom is something people take and people are as free as they want to be. -James Baldwin': 1, 'A truly great book should be read in youth, again in maturity and once more in old age, as a fine building should be seen by morning light, at noon and by moonlight. -Robertson Davies': 2, 'You are young, my son, and, as the years go by, time will change and even reverse many of your present opinions. Refrain therefore awhile from setting yourself up as a judge of the highest matters. -Plato': 2, 'It must be remembered that there is nothing more difficult to plan, more doubtful of success nor more dangerous to manage than the creation of a new system. For the initiator has the enmity of all who profit by the preservation of the old institution and merely lukewarm defenders in those who would gain by the new one. -Nicolo Machiavelli': 1, 'Goldie and I did have a car stolen right out of our yard. It took us three days to notice. -Kurt Russell': 1, "There's no present. There's only the immediate future and the recent past. -George Carlin": 1, 'Some succeed by what they know; some by what they do; and a few by what they are. -Elbert Hubbard': 1, "As a woman, I find it very embarrassing to be in a meeting and realize I'm the only one in the room with balls. -Rita Mae Brown": 1, 'An idea that is developed and put into action is more important than an idea that exists only as an idea. -Siddhartha Buddha': 1, 'What the country needs is dirtier fingernails and cleaner minds. -Will Rogers': 1, 'This country was built on rape, slavery, murder, degradation and affiliation with crime. -Mike Tyson': 1, 'In any fairly large and talkative community such as a university there is always the danger that those who think alike should gravitate together where they will henceforth encounter opposition only in the emasculated form of rumour that the outsiders say thus and thus. The absent are easily refuted, complacent dogmatism thrives, and differences of opinion are embittered by the group hostility. Each group hears not the best, but the worst, that the other group can say. -C.S. Lewis': 3, 'No passion so effectually robs the mind of all its powers of acting and reasoning as fear. -Edmund Burke': 1, 'The worst moment for the athieist is when he feels thankful and has no one to thank. -Dante Gabriel Rossetti': 1, 'Games lubricate the body and the mind. -Benjamin Franklin': 1, 'Errors of haste are seldom committed singly. The first time a man always does too much. And precisely on that account he commits a second error, and then he does too little. -Friedrich Nietzsche': 2, 'The invisible and the non-existent look very much alike. -Delos McKown': 1, 'The eyes of the world are upon you. The hopes and prayers of liberty-loving people everywhere march with you. -Dwight Eisenhower': 1, "One thing they never tell you about child raising is that for the rest of your life, at the drop of a hat, you are expected to know your child's name and how old he or she is. -Erna Bombeck": 1, 'Being born is like being kidnapped. And then sold into slavery. -Andy Warhol': 1, "Every author should weigh his work and ask, 'Will humanity gain any benefit from it?' -Nachman of Bratslav": 1, 'Reason is experimental intelligence, conceived after the pattern of science, and used in the creation of social arts; it has something to do. It liberates man from the bondage of the past, due to ignorance and accident hardened into custom. It projects a better future and assists man in its realization. -John Dewey': 3, 'To defend Western Europe we have to let the Pentagon buy all these tanks and guns and things, and the Pentagon is unable to buy any object that that costs less than a condominium in Vail. If the Pentagon needs, say, fruit, it will argue that it must have fruit that can withstand the rigors of combat conditions, and it will wind up purchasing the FX-700 Seedless Tactical Grape, which will cost $160,000 per bunch, and will have an 83 percent failure rate. -Dave Barry': 5, 'It is very easy to tell the difference between man-made and God-made objects. The more you magnify man-made objects, the cruder they look, but the more you magnify God-made objects, the more precise and intricate they appear. -Luther Sutherland': 2, 'Deliberation and debate is the way you stir the soul of our democracy. -Jesse Jackson': 1, 'Life is no brief candle to me. It is a sort of splendid torch which I have got a hold of for the moment, and I want to make it burn as brightly as possible before handing it onto future generations. -George Bernard Shaw': 1, 'Intoxicated with unbroken success, we have become too self-sufficient to feel the necessity of redeeming and preserving grace, too proud to pray to the God that made us. -Abraham Lincoln': 1, 'Karate is a form of marital arts in which people who have had years and years of training can, using only their hands and feet, make some of the worst movies in the history of the world. -Dave Barry': 2, 'Regarding the debate about faith and works: It\x92s like asking which blade in a pair of scissors is most important. -C.S. Lewis': 1, 'One of the striking differences between a cat and a lie is that a cat has only nine lives. -Mark Twain': 1, 'Wedding: a ceremony at which two persons undertake to become one, one undertakes to become nothing, and nothing undertakes to become supportable. -Ambrose Bierce': 1, 'True wisdom comes to each of us when we realize how little we understand about life, ourselves, and the world around us. -Socrates': 1, "Democracy means that anyone can grow up to be president, and anyone who doesn't grow up can be vice president. -Johnny Carson": 1, 'Four-fifths of all our troubles would disappear, if we would only sit down and keep still. -Calvin Coolidge': 1, 'There is a great deal of difference between an eager man who wants to read a book and the tired man who wants a book to read. -GK Chesterton': 1, 'Love is the wisdom of the fool and the folly of the wise. -Samuel Johnson': 1, 'If the United Nations once admits that international disputes can be settled by using force, then we will have destroyed the foundation of the organization and our best hope of establishing a world order. -Dwight Eisenhower': 1, "A man's very highest moment is, I have no doubt at all, when he kneels in the dust, and beats his breast, and tells all the sins of his life. -Oscar Wilde": 2, 'Serious sport has nothing to do with fair play. It is bound up with hatred, jealousy, boastfulness, disregard of all rules and sadistic pleasure in witnessing violence. In other words: it is war minus the shooting. -George Orwell': 1, 'Rhis is to be asserted in general of men: that they are ungrateful, fickle, false, cowardly, covetous, and as long as you succeed, are yours entirely; they will offer you their blood, property, life, and children...when the need is far distant; but when it approaches, they will turn against you. -Nicolo Machiavelli': 2, 'I have never taken any exercise except sleeping and resting. -Mark Twain': 1, 'Everything is simpler than you think and at the same time more complex than you imagine. -Johann Wolfgang von Goethe': 1, 'The customs and fashions of men change like leaves on the bough, some of which go and others come. -Dante Alighieri': 2, 'Music expresses that which cannot be said and on which it is impossible to be silent. -Victor Hugo': 1, 'What we are today comes from our thoughts of yesterday and our present thoughts build our life tomorrow. Our life is the creation of our mind. -Siddhartha Buddha': 1, 'Of course the people dont want war...that is understood. But voice or no voice, the people can always be brought to the bidding of the leaders. That is easy. All you have to do is tell them they are being attacked, and denounce the pacifists for lack of patriotism and exposing the country to danger. It works the same in any country. -Hermann Goering': 2, "You give me a credit to which I have no claim in calling me 'the writer of the Constitution of the United States.' This was not, like the fabled Goddess of Wisdom, the offspring of a single brain. It ought to be regarded as the work of many heads and many hands. -James Madison": 1, 'It is a grand mistake to think of being great without goodness and I pronounce it as certain that there was never a truly great man that was not at the same time truly virtuous. -Benjamin Franklin': 1, 'The best and most beautiful things in the world cannot be seen or even touched. They must be felt with the heart. -Helen Keller': 1, 'The difference between genius and stupidity is that genius has its limits. -Albert Einstein': 1, "Thus far, the reputed idiot Bush has graduated from Yale and Harvard, made a stack of cash in the oil industry, become the first consecutive-term governor of Texas, defeated a dual-term VP for the presidency, and led his party to [November 5th's] extraordinary triumphs. Let his opponents keep calling him stupid; if they do, within five years Bush will be King of England, the Pope, and world Formula One motor racing champion. -Tim Blair": 3, 'A few hours of mountain climbing turn a villain and a saint into two rather equal creature. Exhaustion is the shortest way to equality and fraternity, and liberty is added eventually by sleep. -Friedrich Nietzsche': 3, 'The ACLU is always yakking about the Constitution, and most of us are getting mighty tired of it. I mean, if the Constitution is so great, how come it was amended so many times? Huh? -Dave Barry': 1, 'My aim is to put down on paper what I see and what I feel in the best and simplest way. -Ernest Hemingway': 2, 'Every year, back comes Spring, with nasty little birds yapping their fool heads off and the ground all mucked up with plants. -Dorothy Parker': 1, 'I am Envy. I cannot read and therefore wish all books burned. -Christopher Marlowe': 1, "When you stop giving and offering something to the rest of the world, it's time to turn out the lights. -George Burns": 1, 'A Native American elder once described his own inner struggles in this manner: Inside of me there are two dogs. One of the dogs is mean and evil. The other dog is good. The mean dog fights the good dog all the time. When asked which dog wins, he reflected. -George Bernard Shaw': 1, 'Rings and jewels are not gifts but apologies for gifts. The only true gift is a portion of yourself. -Ralph Waldo Emerson': 1, 'You know what the fellow said: In Italy for thirty years under the Borgias they had warfare, terror, murder, and bloodshed, but they produced Michaelangelo, Leonardo Da Vinci, and the Renaissance. In Switzerland, they had brotherly love--they had five hundred years of democracy and peace, and what did they produce? The cuckoo clock. -Orson Welles': 4, 'Life is a fatal complaint, and an eminently contagious one. -Oliver Wendell Holmes': 1, 'Observe constantly that all things take place by change, and accustom thyself to consider that the nature of the Universe love nothing so much as to change. The Universe is change. -Marcus Aurelius': 1, "I didn't come to Washington to be loved and I haven't been disappointed. -Philip L. Gramm": 1, 'Children are innocent and love justice, while most adults are wicked and prefer mercy. -GK Chesterton': 2, "My life has no purpose, no direction, no aim, no meaning, and yet I'm happy. I can't figure it out. What am I doing right? -Charles Schulz": 1, 'There is only one force of history that can break the reign of hatred and resentment, and expose the pretensions of tyrants, and reward the hopes of the decent and tolerant, and that is the force of human freedom. -George W. Bush': 5, 'Do good by stealth, and blush to find it fame. -Alexander Pope': 1, 'The best of life is conversation, and the greatest success is confidence, or perfect understanding between two people. -Ralph Waldo Emerson': 1, 'Patriotism is not short, frenzied outbursts of emotion, but the tranquil and steady dedication of a lifetime. -Adlai Stevenson': 1, "I'm the type who'd be happy not going anywhere as long as I was sure I knew exactly what was happening at the places I wasn't going to. I'm the type who'd like to sit home and watch every party that I'm invited to on a monitor in my bedroom. -Andy Warhol": 1, 'From kindergarten to graduation, I went to public schools, and I know that they are a key to being sure that every child has a chance to succeed and to rise in the world. -Dick Cheney': 2, 'There is a theory which states that if ever anyone discovers exactly what the Universe is for and why it is here, it will instantly disappear and be replaced by something even more bizarre and inexplicable. There is another theory which states that this has already happened. -Douglas Adams': 3, 'The mind of the thoroughly well-informed man is a dreadful thing. It is like a bric-\xe0-brac shop, all monsters and dust, with everything priced above its proper value. -Oscar Wilde': 1, 'He who is of calm and happy nature will hardly feel the pressure of age, but to him who is of an opposite disposition youth and age are equally a burden. -Plato': 2, 'He has all the virtues I dislike and none of the vices I admire. -Winston Churchill': 1, 'Man was made for action, and to promote by the exertion of his faculties such changes in the external circumstances both of himself and others, as may seem most favourable to the happiness of all. -Adam Smith': 2, 'Two roads diverged in a wood, and I...I took the one less traveled by, and that has made all the difference. -Robert Frost': 2, 'In the beginning, the universe was created. This made a lot of people very angry, and has been widely regarded as a bad idea. -Douglas Adams': 1, "'Tis the business of little minds to shrink, but he whose heart is firm, and whose conscience approves his conduct, will pursue his principles unto death. -Thomas Paine": 1, 'The first thing I do in the morning is brush my teeth and sharpen my tongue. -Dorothy Parker': 1, 'I have been the artist with the longest career, and I am so proud and honoured to be chosen from heaven to be invincible. -Michael Jackson': 2, 'I have one yardstick by which I test every major problem-and that yardstick is: Is it good for America? -Dwight Eisenhower': 1, "I had a dream the other night. I dreamed that Jimmy Carter came to me and asked why I wanted his job. I told him I didn't want his job. I want to be President. -Ronald Reagan": 1, "Instead of a trap door, what about a trap window? The guy looks out it, and if he leans too far, he falls out. Wait. I guess that's like a regular window. -Jack Handey": 1, 'Experts tell us that if the Millennium Bug is not fixed, when the year 2000 arrives, our financial records will be inaccurate, our telephone system will be unreliable, our government will be paralyzed and airline flights will be canceled without warning. In other words, things will be pretty much the same as they are now. -Dave Barry': 1, 'Nothing separates the generations more than music. By the time a child is eight or nine, he has developed a passion for his own music that is even stronger than his passions for procrastination and weird clothes. -Bill Cosby': 1, 'How did it happen that their lips came together? How does it happen that birds sing, that snow melts, that the rose unfolds, that the dawn whitens behind the stark shapes of trees on the quivering summit of the hill? A kiss, and all was said. -Victor Hugo': 1, 'No sooner do we depart from sense and instinct to follow reason but we are insensibly drawn into uncouth paradoxes, difficulties, and inconsistencies, which multiply and grow upon us as we advance in speculation; till at length, having wandered through many intricate mazes, we find ourselves just where we were, or, which is worse, sit down in a forlorn scepticism. -George Berkeley': 3, 'If we will be quiet and ready enough, we shall find compensation in every disappointment. -Henry Thoreau': 1, "Never continue in a job you don't enjoy. If you're happy in what you're doing, you'll like yourself, you'll have inner peace. And if you have that, along with physical health, you will have had more success than you could possibly have imagined. -Johnny Carson": 1, 'It is by the goodness of God that, in this country, we have three benefits: freedom of speech, freedom of thought, and the wisdom never to use either. -Mark Twain': 1, 'If a man is called to be a streetsweeper, he should sweep streets even as Michelangelo painted, or Beethoven composed music, or Shakespeare wrote poetry. He should sweep streets so well that all the host of heaven and earth will pause to say, here lived a great streetsweeper who did his job well. -Martin Luther King Jr.': 1, 'In the long run, we shape our lives and we shape ourselves. The process never ends until we die, and the choices that we make are ultimately our responsibility. -Eleanor Roosevelt': 2, 'Let us have faith that right makes might, and in that faith, let us, to the end, dare to do our duty as we understand it. -Abraham Lincoln': 1, 'I believe the highest aspiration of man should be individual freedom and the development of the individual. -Ronald Reagan': 1, 'Man [has] always assumed that he was more intelligent than dolphins because he had achieved so much-the wheel, New York, wars and so on-while all the dolphins had ever done was muck about in the water having a good time. But conversely, the dolphins had always believed that they were far more intelligent than man-for precisely the same reason. -Douglas Adams': 1, 'If we command our wealth, we shall be rich and free; if our wealth commands us, we are poor indeed. -Edmund Burke': 1, 'An actor is at most a poet and at least an entertainer. -Marlon Brando': 1, "Unless the religious claims of the Bible are again acknowledged, its literary claims will, I think, be given only 'mouth honour' and that decreasingly. -C.S. Lewis": 1, "Money never made a man happy yet, nor will it. There is nothing in its nature to produce happiness. The more a man has, the more he wants. Instead of its filling a vacuum, it makes one. If it satisfies one want, it doubles and trebles that want another way. That was a true proverb of the wise man, rely upon it; ''Better is little with the fear of the Lord, than great treasure, and trouble therewith. -Benjamin Franklin": 2, 'There are painters who transform the sun to a yellow spot, but there are others who with the help of their art and their intelligence, transform a yellow spot into the sun. -Pablo Picasso': 1, 'I am a strong believer in luck and I find the harder I work the more I have of it. -Benjamin Franklin': 1, 'Parting is all we know of heaven and all we need to know of hell. -Emily Dickinson': 1, "My role in society, or any artist's or poet's role, is to try and express what we all feel. Not to tell people how to feel. Not as a preacher, not as a leader, but as a reflection of us all. -John Lennon": 1, 'If my children wake up on Christmas morning and have someone to thank for putting candy in their stocking, have I no one to thank for putting two feet in mine? -GK Chesterton': 1, "Life's most persistent and urgent question is, 'What are you doing for others?' -Martin Luther King Jr.": 1, "We all want progress, but if you're on the wrong road, progress means doing an about-turn and walking back to the right road; in that case, the man who turns back soonest is the most progressive. -C.S. Lewis": 1, 'Such is the delicacy of man alone, that no object is produced to his liking. He finds that in everything there is need for improvement. The whole industry of human life is employed not in procuring the supply of our three humble necessities, food, clothes and lodging, but in procuring the conveniences of it according to the nicety and delicacy of our tastes. -Adam Smith': 2, "God help the man who won't marry until he finds a perfect woman, and God help him still more if he finds her. -Benjamin Tillet": 1, 'It behooves every man to remember that the work of the critic is of altogether secondary importance, and that, in the end, progress is accomplished by the man who does things. -Theodore Roosevelt': 1, 'The mystic chords of memory, stretching from every battlefield and patriot grave to every living heart and hearthstone all over this broad land, will yet swell the chorus of the Union, when again touched, as surely they will be, by the better angels of our nature. -Abraham Lincoln': 2, 'Providence protects children and idiots. I know because I have tested it. -Mark Twain': 1, 'Love is a fruit in season at all times, and within reach of every hand. -Mother Teresa': 1, 'He therefore is the truest friend to the liberty of this country who tries most to promote its virtue, and who, so far as his power and influence extend, will not suffer a man to be chosen into any office of power and trust who is not a wise and virtuous man. -Samuel Adams': 4, 'Happy, happy Christmas, that can win us back to the delusions of our childhood days, recall to the old man the pleasures of his youth, and transport the traveler back to his own fireside and quiet home! -Charles Dickens': 2, "We all wish to be judged by our peers, by the men 'after our own heart.' Only they really know our mind and only they judge it by standards we fully acknowledge. Theirs is the praise we really covet and the blame we really dread. The little pockets of early Chrstians survived because they cared exclusively for the love of 'the bretheren' and stopped their ears to the opinion of the Pagan society around them. But a circle of criminals, cranks, or perverts survives in just the same way; by becoming deaf to the opinion of the outer world, by discounting it as the chatter of outsiders who 'don't understand,' of the 'conventional,' the 'bourgeois,' the 'Establishment,' of prigs, prudes, and humbugs. -C.S. Lewis": 4, 'I arrive at the end of this review having done my duty as a critic. I have described the movie accurately and you have a good idea what you are in for if you go to see it. Most of you will not. I cannot argue with you. Some of you will--the brave and the curious. You embody the spirit of the man who first wondered what it would taste like to eat an oyster. -Roger Ebert': 2, 'Television is a medium of entertainment which permits millions of people to listen to the same joke at the same time, and yet remain lonesome. -T.S. Eliot': 1, "If a woman has to choose between catching a fly ball and saving an infant's life, she will choose to save the infant's life without even considering if there are men on base. -Dave Barry": 1, ".I had to face the horrible truth: The antitobacco people are lying. Smoking really is cool. And I'm less cool for not doing it. -Tucker Carlson": 1, 'I think and think for months and years, ninety-nine times, the conclusion is false. The hundredth time I am right. -Albert Einstein': 2, "Life's Tragedy is that we get old to soon and wise too late. -Benjamin Franklin": 1, "One of the great attractions of patriotism -- it fulfills our worst wishes. In the person of our nation we are able, vicariously, to bully and cheat. Bully and cheat, what's more, with a feeling that we are profoundly virtuous. -Aldous Huxley": 2, 'There is no question that there is an unseen world. The problem is, how far is it from midtown and how late is it open? -Woody Allen': 1, "I think a good gift for the president would be a chocolate revolver. And since he's so busy, you'd probably have to run up to him and hand it to him. -Jack Handey": 2, 'I believe this government cannot endure permanently half slave and half free. -Abraham Lincoln': 1, 'To know what is impenetrable to us really exists, manifesting itself as the highest wisdom and the most radiant beauty...this knowledge, this feeling is at the center of true religiousness. -Albert Einstein': 1, "I don't make jokes. I just watch the government and report the facts. -Will Rogers": 1, 'Love is the delightful interval between meeting a beautiful girl and discovering that she looks like a haddock. -John Barrymore': 1, 'Cooking was invented in prehistoric times, when a primitive tribe had a lucky accident. The tribe had killed an animal and was going to eat it raw, when a tribe member named Woog tripped and dropped it into the fire. At first the other tribe members were angry at Woog, but then, as the aroma of burning meat filled the air, they had an idea. So they ate Woog raw. -Dave Barry': 2, 'Though force can protect in emergency, only justice, fairness, consideration and cooperation can finally lead men to the dawn of eternal peace. -Dwight Eisenhower': 1, "Everybody can be great... because anybody can serve. You don't have to have a college degree to serve. You don't have to make your subject and verb agree to serve. You only need a heart full of grace. A soul generated by love. -Martin Luther King Jr.": 1, "When I see a play and understand it the first time, then I know it can't be much good. -T.S. Eliot": 1, '\x93Take a chance! All life is a chance. The man who goes farthest is generally the one who is willing to do and dare. -Dale Carnegie': 1, 'The mintage of wisdom is to know that rest is rust, and that real life is in love, laughter, and work. -Elbert Hubbard': 2, 'The MPAA rates this PG-13. It is too vulgar for anyone under 13, and too dumb for anyone over 13. -Roger Ebert': 1, "Speeches are for the younger men who are going places. And I'm not going anyplace except six feet under the floor of that little chapel adjoining the museum and library at Abilene. -Dwight Eisenhower": 2, 'If you will not fight for the right when you can easily win without bloodshed; if you will not fight when your victory will be sure and not too costly; you may come to the moment when you will have to fight with all the odds against you and only a small chance of survival. There may even be a worse case: you may have to fight when there is no hope of victory, because it is better to perish than to live as slaves. -Winston Churchill': 2, 'Opera is when a guy gets stabbed in the back and, instead of bleeding, he sings. -Ed Gardner': 1, 'God does not give heed to the ambitiousness of our prayers, because he is always ready to give to us his light, not a visible light but an intellectual and spiritual one; but we are not always ready to receive it when we turn aside and down to other things out of a desire for temporal things. -Saint Augustine': 2, 'Never give in--never, never, never, never, in nothing great or small, large or petty, never give in except to convictions of honour and good sense. Never yield to force; never yield to the apparently overwhelming might of the enemy. -Winston Churchill': 1, 'I never knew what real happiness was until I got married, and by then it was too late. -Max Kaufman': 1, 'To be what we are, and to become what we are capable of becoming, is the only end of life. -Robert Louis Stevenson': 1, 'There are no secrets to success. It is the result of preparation, hard work, and learning from failure. -Colin Powell': 1, 'I may be drunk, Miss, but in the morning I will be sober and you will still be ugly. -Winston Churchill': 1, 'Too many poets delude themselves by thinking that the mind is dangerous and must be left out. Well, the mind is dangerous and must be left in. -Robert Frost': 2, "Being president is like being a jackass in a hailstorm. There's nothing to do but stand there and take it. -Lyndon B. Johnson": 1, 'To write a good love letter, you ought to begin without knowing what you mean to say and to finish without knowing what you have written. -Jean-Jacques Rousseau': 1, "Most football teams are temperamental. That's 90% temper and 10% mental. -Doug Plank": 1, 'Money can help you to get medicines but not health. Money can help you to get soft pillows, but not sound sleep. Money can help you to get material comforts, but not eternal bliss. Money can help you to get ornaments, but not beauty. Money will help you to get an electric earphone, but not natural hearing. Attain the supreme wealth, wisdom, and you will have everything. -Benjamin Franklin': 1, "Don't walk in front of me, I may not follow. Don't walk behind me, I may not lead. Just walk beside me and be my friend. -Albert Camus": 1, "We must repsect the other fellow's religion, but only in the sense and to the extent that we respect his theory that his wife is beautiful and his children are smart. -Henry Mencken": 2, 'The things that will destroy America are prosperity at any price, peace at any price, safety first instead of duty first, the love of soft living and the get rich quick theory of life. -Theodore Roosevelt': 1, 'The recipe for perpetual ignorance is: be satisfied with your opinions and content with your knowledge. -Elbert Hubbard': 1, 'In framing a government which is to be administered by men over men the great difficulty lies in this: You must first enable the government to control the governed, and in the next place, oblige it to control itself. -Alexander Hamilton': 1, 'Marriage is the alliance of two people, one of whom never remembers birthdays and the other who never forgets. -Ogden Nash': 1, 'The Bible is not my book, and Christianity is not my religion. I could never give assent to the long, complicated statements of Christian dogma. -Abraham Lincoln': 1, 'Love anything and your heart will be wrung and possibly broken. If you want to make sure of keeping it intact you must give it to no one, not even an animal. Wrap it carefully round with hobbies and little luxuries; avoid all entanglements. Lock it up safe in the casket or coffin of your selfishness. But in that casket, safe, dark, motionless, airless, it will change. It will not be broken; it will become unbreakable, impenetrable, irredeemable. To love is to be vulnerable. -C.S. Lewis': 3, 'My formula for success is rise early, work late, and strike oil. -Paul Getty': 1, 'I love writing. I love the swirl and swing of words as they tangle with human emotions. -James Michener': 1, 'There are three ingredients in the good life: learning, earning and yearning. -Christopher Morley': 1, 'If tyranny and oppression come to this land, it will be in the guise of fighting a foreign enemy. -James Madison': 1, 'As every divided kingdom falls, so every mind divided between many studies confounds and saps itself. -Leonardo da Vinci': 1, 'Love yourself first and everything else falls into line. You really have to love yourself to get anything done in this world. -Lucille Ball': 1, "Some folks look at me and see a certain swagger, which in Texas is called 'walking.' -George W. Bush": 1, "Is there anything more beautiful than a beautiful, beautiful flamingo, flying across in front of a beautiful sunset? And he's carrying a beautiful rose in his beak, and also he's carrying a very beautiful painting with his feet. And also, you're drunk. -Jack Handey": 3, 'Democratic nations must try to find ways to starve the terrorist and the hijacker of the oxygen of publicity on which they depend. -Margaret Thatcher': 1, "There's nothing sadder in this world than to awake Christmas morning and not be a child. -Erna Bombeck": 1, 'Death and life have their determined appointments; riches and honors depend upon heaven. -Confucius': 2, "I don't work according to nature, but infront and together with it. An artist must observe the nature, but never confuse it with the art. -Pablo Picasso": 1, 'And what\x92s romance? Usually, a nice little tale where you have everything As You Like It, where rain never wets your jacket and gnats never bite your nose and it\x92s always daisy-time. -D.H. Lawrence': 3, "Playwriting gets into your blood and you can't stop it. At least, not until the producers or the public tell you to. -T.S. Eliot": 1, "We seem to be going through a period of nostalgia, and everyone seems to think yesterday was better than today. I don't think it was, and I would advise you not to wait ten years before admitting today was great. If you're hung up on nostalgia, pretend today is yesterday and just go out and have one hell of a time. -Art Buchwald": 4, 'Take time to deliberate, but when the time for action has arrived, stop thinking and go in. -Napoleon Bonaparte': 1, 'The difference between sex and death is that with death you can do it alone and no one is going to make fun of you. -Woody Allen': 2, 'Rome remained free for four hundred years and Sparta eight hundred, although their citizens were armed all that time; but many other states that have been disarmed have lost their liberties in less than forty years. -Nicolo Machiavelli': 1, 'Reason and judgment are the qualities of a leader. -Tacitus': 1, "Without computers, the government would be unable to function at the level of effectiveness and efficiency that we have come to expect.  This is because the primary function of the government is -- and here I am quoting directly from the U.S. Constitution -- 'to spew out paper.' -Dave Barry": 2, 'That the innocent, though they may have some connexion or dependency upon the guilty (which, perhaps, they themselves cannot help), should not, upon that account, suffer or be punished for the guilty, is one of the plainest and most obvious rules of justice. -Adam Smith': 1, 'This does not mean that the enemy is to be allowed to escape. The object is to make him believe that there is a road to safety, and thus prevent his fighting with the courage of despair. After that, you may crush him. -Sun Tzu': 1, 'When nothing seems to help, I go and look at a stonecutter hammering away at his rock perhaps a hundred times without as much as a crack showing in it. Yet at the hundred and first blow it will split in two, and I know it was not that blow that did it, but all that had gone before. -Jacob August Riis': 3, 'It is the madness of folly, to expect mercy from those who have refused to do justice; and even mercy, where conquest is the object, is only a trick of war; the cunning of the fox is as murderous as the violence of the wolf. -Thomas Paine': 1, 'Are you entitled to the fruits of your labor or does government have some presumptive right to spend and spend and spend? -Ronald Reagan': 2, 'The biggest bore is the person who is bored by everyone and everything. -Frank Tyger': 1, 'If you have an apple and I have an apple and we exchange these apples then you and I will still each have one apple. But if you have an idea and I have an idea and we exchange these ideas, then each of us will have two ideas. -George Bernard Shaw': 5, 'I wake each morning torn between the desire to improve the world and the desire to enjoy it. It makes it hard to plan the day. -E.B. White': 1, 'PRESIDENT, n. The leading figure in a small group of men of whom \x97 and of whom only \x97 it is positively known that immense numbers of their countrymen did not want any of them for President. -Ambrose Bierce': 1, "This is the second most exciting indoor sport, and the other one shouldn't have spectators. -Dick Vertleib": 1, 'The Democrats seem to be basically nicer people, but they have demonstrated time and again that they have the management skills of celery. -Dave Barry': 1, "To grasp the full significance of life is the actor's duty, to interpret it is his problem and to express it his dedication. -Marlon Brando": 1, 'Those who forget good and evil and seek only to know the facts are more likely to achieve good than those who view the world through the distorting medium of their own desires. -Bertrand Russell': 2, 'Three grand essentials to happiness in this life are something to do, something to love, and something to hope for. -Joseph Addison': 1, "The days of looking the other way while despotic regimes trample human rights, rob their nations' wealth, and then excuse their failings by feeding their people a steady diet of anti-Western hatred are over. -Dick Cheney": 1, 'To have the reputation of possessing the most perfect social tact, talk to every woman as if you loved her, and to every man as if he bored you. -Oscar Wilde': 1, 'Once you have flown, you will walk the earth with your eyes turned skywards, for there you have been, and there you long to return. -Leonardo da Vinci': 1, 'He that would live in peace and at ease must not speak all he knows or all he sees. -Benjamin Franklin': 1, 'Science is facts; just as houses are made of stones, so is science made of facts; but a pile of stones is not a house and a collection of facts is not necessarily science. -Henri Poincare': 1, 'Slang is the language which takes off its coat, spits on its hands - and goes to work. -Carl Sandburg': 1} 
illness {"The statistics on sanity are that one out of every four Americans are suffering from some form of mental illness. Think of your three best friends. If they're okay, then it's you. -Rita Mae Brown": 1, 'For each illness that doctors cure with medicine, they provoke ten in healthy people by inoculating them with the virus that is a thousand times more powerful than any microbe: the idea that one is ill. -Marcel Proust': 1} 
nicer {'The Democrats seem to be basically nicer people, but they have demonstrated time and again that they have the management skills of celery. -Dave Barry': 1} 
remained {'Rome remained free for four hundred years and Sparta eight hundred, although their citizens were armed all that time; but many other states that have been disarmed have lost their liberties in less than forty years. -Nicolo Machiavelli': 1} 
roy goodman {'Remember that happiness is a way of travel, not a destination. -Roy Goodman': 1} 
argument {'Anger is never without an argument, but seldom with a good one. -George Savile': 1, "I love argument, I love debate. I don't expect anyone just to sit there and agree with me, that's not their job. -Margaret Thatcher": 1, 'The best way to win an argument is to begin by being right. -Jill Ruckleshaus': 1, 'I always cheer up immensely if an attack is particularly wounding because I think, well, if they attack one personally, it means they have not a single political argument left. -Margaret Thatcher': 1} 
jewels {'Rings and jewels are not gifts but apologies for gifts. The only true gift is a portion of yourself. -Ralph Waldo Emerson': 1} 
voices {"There cannot be true democracy unless women's voices are heard. -Hillary Clinton": 1} 
say {'In any fairly large and talkative community such as a university there is always the danger that those who think alike should gravitate together where they will henceforth encounter opposition only in the emasculated form of rumour that the outsiders say thus and thus. The absent are easily refuted, complacent dogmatism thrives, and differences of opinion are embittered by the group hostility. Each group hears not the best, but the worst, that the other group can say. -C.S. Lewis': 2, 'Remember not only to say the right thing in the right place, but far more difficult still, to leave unsaid the wrong thing at the tempting moment. -Benjamin Franklin': 1, 'To defend Western Europe we have to let the Pentagon buy all these tanks and guns and things, and the Pentagon is unable to buy any object that that costs less than a condominium in Vail. If the Pentagon needs, say, fruit, it will argue that it must have fruit that can withstand the rigors of combat conditions, and it will wind up purchasing the FX-700 Seedless Tactical Grape, which will cost $160,000 per bunch, and will have an 83 percent failure rate. -Dave Barry': 1, 'If a man is called to be a streetsweeper, he should sweep streets even as Michelangelo painted, or Beethoven composed music, or Shakespeare wrote poetry. He should sweep streets so well that all the host of heaven and earth will pause to say, here lived a great streetsweeper who did his job well. -Martin Luther King Jr.': 1, "To me, it's always a good idea to always carry two sacks of something when you walk around. That way, if anybody says, 'Hey, can you give me a hand?,' you can say, 'Sorry, got these sacks.' -Jack Handey": 1, "There are people who put their dreams in a little box and say, Yes, I've got dreams, of course I've got dreams. Then they put the box away and bring it out once in awhile to look in it, and yep, they're still there. -Erna Bombeck": 1, 'A word is dead when it is said, some say. I say it just begins to live that day. -Emily Dickinson': 2, 'To write a good love letter, you ought to begin without knowing what you mean to say and to finish without knowing what you have written. -Jean-Jacques Rousseau': 1, 'What you do speaks so loudly that I cannot hear what you say. -Ralph Waldo Emerson': 1, "All I want out of life, is that when I walk down the street folks will say, 'There goes the greatest hitter that ever lived.' -Ted Williams": 1, 'To you taxpayers out there, let me say this: Make sure you file your tax return on time! And remember that, even though income taxes can be a \x93pain in the neck,\x94 the folks at the IRS are regular people just like you, except that they can destroy your life. -Dave Barry': 1, 'Some of your countrymen were unable to distinguish between their native dislike for war and the stainless patriotism of those who suffered its scars. But there has been a rethinking and now we can say to you, and say as a nation, thank you for your courage. -Ronald Reagan': 2, "I've been accused of vulgarity. I say that's bullshit. -Mel Brooks": 1, 'I hope that when you are my age, you will be able to say as I have been able to say: We lived in freedom. We lived lives that were a statement, not an apology. -Ronald Reagan': 2, "I like to say that I'm bisexual...when I want sex, I buy it. -Boy George": 1} 
comedian {"I think it's the duty of the comedian to find out where the line is drawn and cross it deliberately. -George Carlin": 1} 
steven wright {'I almost had a pyschic girlfriend, but she left me before we met. -Steven Wright': 1, "I have a hobby...I have the world's largest collection of sea shells. I keep it scattered on beaches all over the world. Maybe you've seen some of it... -Steven Wright": 1, 'Black holes are where God divided by zero. -Steven Wright': 1, "I cried because I had no shoes, 'till I met a man who had no feet. So I said, 'You got any shoes you're not using'? -Steven Wright": 1, "I planted some bird seed. A bird came up. Now I don't know what to feed it. -Steven Wright": 1} 
anger {'Anger is never without an argument, but seldom with a good one. -George Savile': 1} 
any {'Humility must always be the portion of any man who receives acclaim earned in blood of his followers and sacrifices of his friends. -Dwight Eisenhower': 1, 'Life does not cease to be funny when people die any more than it ceases to be serious when people laugh. -George Bernard Shaw': 1, 'In any moment of decision, the best thing you can do is the right thing. The worst thing you can do is nothing. -Theodore Roosevelt': 1, 'If there is any principle of the Constitution that more imperatively calls for attachment than any other it is the principle of free thought, not free thought for those who agree with us but freedom for the thought that we hate. -Oliver Wendell Holmes': 2, 'The things that will destroy America are prosperity at any price, peace at any price, safety first instead of duty first, the love of soft living and the get rich quick theory of life. -Theodore Roosevelt': 2, 'To defend Western Europe we have to let the Pentagon buy all these tanks and guns and things, and the Pentagon is unable to buy any object that that costs less than a condominium in Vail. If the Pentagon needs, say, fruit, it will argue that it must have fruit that can withstand the rigors of combat conditions, and it will wind up purchasing the FX-700 Seedless Tactical Grape, which will cost $160,000 per bunch, and will have an 83 percent failure rate. -Dave Barry': 1, "Every author should weigh his work and ask, 'Will humanity gain any benefit from it?' -Nachman of Bratslav": 1, 'Humility is the foundation of all the other virtues hence, in the soul in which this virtue does not exist there cannot be any other virtue except in mere appearance. -Saint Augustine': 1, 'The broad masses of a population are more amenable to the appeal of rhetoric than to any other force. -Adolf Hitler': 1, 'He therefore is the truest friend to the liberty of this country who tries most to promote its virtue, and who, so far as his power and influence extend, will not suffer a man to be chosen into any office of power and trust who is not a wise and virtuous man. -Samuel Adams': 1, "My role in society, or any artist's or poet's role, is to try and express what we all feel. Not to tell people how to feel. Not as a preacher, not as a leader, but as a reflection of us all. -John Lennon": 1, "Those who are preoccupied with 'making a statement' usually don't have any statements worth making. -Thomas Sowell": 1, 'In any fairly large and talkative community such as a university there is always the danger that those who think alike should gravitate together where they will henceforth encounter opposition only in the emasculated form of rumour that the outsiders say thus and thus. The absent are easily refuted, complacent dogmatism thrives, and differences of opinion are embittered by the group hostility. Each group hears not the best, but the worst, that the other group can say. -C.S. Lewis': 1, 'I have never taken any exercise except sleeping and resting. -Mark Twain': 1, 'All men are timid on entering any fight. Whether it is the first or the last fight, all of us are timid. Cowards are those who let their timidity get the better of their manhood. -George Patton': 1, "I'm never going to be famous. My name will never be writ large on the roster of Those Who Do Things. I don't do any thing. Not one single thing. I used to bite my nails, but I don't even do that any more. -Dorothy Parker": 2, 'Of course the people dont want war...that is understood. But voice or no voice, the people can always be brought to the bidding of the leaders. That is easy. All you have to do is tell them they are being attacked, and denounce the pacifists for lack of patriotism and exposing the country to danger. It works the same in any country. -Hermann Goering': 1, 'For each illness that doctors cure with medicine, they provoke ten in healthy people by inoculating them with the virus that is a thousand times more powerful than any microbe: the idea that one is ill. -Marcel Proust': 1, 'I would not join any club that would have someone like me for a member. -Groucho Marx': 1, 'PRESIDENT, n. The leading figure in a small group of men of whom \x97 and of whom only \x97 it is positively known that immense numbers of their countrymen did not want any of them for President. -Ambrose Bierce': 1, 'Any reviewer who expresses rage and loathing for a novel is preposterous. He or she is like a person who has put on full armor and attacked a hot fudge sundae. -Kurt Vonnegut': 1, "I cried because I had no shoes, 'till I met a man who had no feet. So I said, 'You got any shoes you're not using'? -Steven Wright": 1} 
henceforth {'In any fairly large and talkative community such as a university there is always the danger that those who think alike should gravitate together where they will henceforth encounter opposition only in the emasculated form of rumour that the outsiders say thus and thus. The absent are easily refuted, complacent dogmatism thrives, and differences of opinion are embittered by the group hostility. Each group hears not the best, but the worst, that the other group can say. -C.S. Lewis': 1} 
superman {"I'm not normally a religious man, but if you're up there, save me, Superman! -Homer Simpson": 1} 
prosperity {'The things that will destroy America are prosperity at any price, peace at any price, safety first instead of duty first, the love of soft living and the get rich quick theory of life. -Theodore Roosevelt': 1} 
offering {"When you stop giving and offering something to the rest of the world, it's time to turn out the lights. -George Burns": 1} 
irrefutable {'Trust the people. This is the one irrefutable lesson of the entire postwar period contradicting the notion that rigid government controls are essential to economic development. -Ronald Reagan': 1} 
offer {'Rhis is to be asserted in general of men: that they are ungrateful, fickle, false, cowardly, covetous, and as long as you succeed, are yours entirely; they will offer you their blood, property, life, and children...when the need is far distant; but when it approaches, they will turn against you. -Nicolo Machiavelli': 1} 
ideas {'If you have an apple and I have an apple and we exchange these apples then you and I will still each have one apple. But if you have an idea and I have an idea and we exchange these ideas, then each of us will have two ideas. -George Bernard Shaw': 2, 'One can resist the invasion of an army but one cannot resist the invasion of ideas. -Victor Hugo': 1} 
wandered {'No sooner do we depart from sense and instinct to follow reason but we are insensibly drawn into uncouth paradoxes, difficulties, and inconsistencies, which multiply and grow upon us as we advance in speculation; till at length, having wandered through many intricate mazes, we find ourselves just where we were, or, which is worse, sit down in a forlorn scepticism. -George Berkeley': 1} 
take {"You don't take a photograph, you make it. -Ansel Adams": 1, 'Have children while your parents are still young enough to take care of them. -Rita Rudner': 1, 'Why, you can take the most gallant sailor, the most intrepid airman or the most audacious soldier, put them at a table together - what do you get? The sum of their fears. -Winston Churchill': 1, 'Freedom is not something that anybody can be given; freedom is something people take and people are as free as they want to be. -James Baldwin': 1, "Dying is the most embarrassing thing that can ever happen to you, because someone's got to take care of all your details. -Andy Warhol": 1, 'Take time to deliberate, but when the time for action has arrived, stop thinking and go in. -Napoleon Bonaparte': 1, 'He who is not courageous enough to take risks will accomplish nothing in life. -Muhammad Ali': 1, 'Take everything you like seriously, except yourselves. -Rudyard Kipling': 1, "Don't ever take a fence down until you know why it was put up. -Robert Frost": 1, "Being president is like being a jackass in a hailstorm. There's nothing to do but stand there and take it. -Lyndon B. Johnson": 1, 'If all our misfortunes were laid in one common heap, whence everyone must take an equal portion, most people would be content to take their own and depart. -Socrates': 2, "It is a scientific fact that your body will not absorb cholesterol if you take it from another person's plate. -Dave Barry": 1, 'Grief can take care of itself, but to get the full value of joy you must have somebody to divide it with. -Mark Twain': 1, "Don't take life too seriously; you'll never get out of it alive. -Elbert Hubbard": 1, 'We should take care not to make the intellect our god; it has, of course, powerful muscles, but no personality. -Albert Einstein': 1, 'Observe constantly that all things take place by change, and accustom thyself to consider that the nature of the Universe love nothing so much as to change. The Universe is change. -Marcus Aurelius': 1, 'People can misinterpret almost anything so that it coincides with views they already hold. They take from art what they already believe. -Stanley Kubrick': 1} 
objective {'My main objective is to be professional but to kill him. -Mike Tyson': 1} 
destroy {'The things that will destroy America are prosperity at any price, peace at any price, safety first instead of duty first, the love of soft living and the get rich quick theory of life. -Theodore Roosevelt': 1, 'To you taxpayers out there, let me say this: Make sure you file your tax return on time! And remember that, even though income taxes can be a \x93pain in the neck,\x94 the folks at the IRS are regular people just like you, except that they can destroy your life. -Dave Barry': 1} 
urge {'The aging process has you firmly in its grasp if you never get the urge to throw a snowball. -Doug Larson': 1} 
handing {'Life is no brief candle to me. It is a sort of splendid torch which I have got a hold of for the moment, and I want to make it burn as brightly as possible before handing it onto future generations. -George Bernard Shaw': 1} 
sure {'If you see ten troubles coming down the road, you can be sure that nine will run into the ditch before they reach you. -Calvin Coolidge': 1, 'Love anything and your heart will be wrung and possibly broken. If you want to make sure of keeping it intact you must give it to no one, not even an animal. Wrap it carefully round with hobbies and little luxuries; avoid all entanglements. Lock it up safe in the casket or coffin of your selfishness. But in that casket, safe, dark, motionless, airless, it will change. It will not be broken; it will become unbreakable, impenetrable, irredeemable. To love is to be vulnerable. -C.S. Lewis': 1, "I'm the type who'd be happy not going anywhere as long as I was sure I knew exactly what was happening at the places I wasn't going to. I'm the type who'd like to sit home and watch every party that I'm invited to on a monitor in my bedroom. -Andy Warhol": 1, "What sunshine is to flowers, smiles are to humanity. These are but trifles, to be sure; but scattered along life's pathway, the good they do is inconceivable. -Joseph Addison": 1, 'From kindergarten to graduation, I went to public schools, and I know that they are a key to being sure that every child has a chance to succeed and to rise in the world. -Dick Cheney': 1, 'To you taxpayers out there, let me say this: Make sure you file your tax return on time! And remember that, even though income taxes can be a \x93pain in the neck,\x94 the folks at the IRS are regular people just like you, except that they can destroy your life. -Dave Barry': 1, 'If you will not fight for the right when you can easily win without bloodshed; if you will not fight when your victory will be sure and not too costly; you may come to the moment when you will have to fight with all the odds against you and only a small chance of survival. There may even be a worse case: you may have to fight when there is no hope of victory, because it is better to perish than to live as slaves. -Winston Churchill': 1, "It ain't what you don't know that gets you into trouble. It's what you know for sure that just ain't so. -Mark Twain": 1, 'All enterprises that are entered into with indiscreet zeal may be pursued with great vigor at first, but are sure to collapse in the end. -Tacitus': 1} 
pain {'Beauty is ever to the lonely mind a shadow fleeting; she is never plain. She is a visitor who leaves behind the gift of grief, the souvenir of pain. -Christopher Morley': 1} 
oppressive {'An oppressive government is more to be feared than a tiger. -Confucius': 1, "Of all tyrannies, a tyranny exercised for the good of its victims may be the most oppressive. It may be better to live under robber barons than under omnipotent moral busybodies. The robber baron's cruelty may sometimes sleep, his cupidity may at some point be satiated; but those who torment us for our own good will torment us without end, for they do so with the approval of their own conscience. -C.S. Lewis": 1} 
roster {"I'm never going to be famous. My name will never be writ large on the roster of Those Who Do Things. I don't do any thing. Not one single thing. I used to bite my nails, but I don't even do that any more. -Dorothy Parker": 1} 
price {'Even peace may be purchased at too high a price. -Benjamin Franklin': 1, 'The price of greatness is responsibility. -Winston Churchill': 1, 'The things that will destroy America are prosperity at any price, peace at any price, safety first instead of duty first, the love of soft living and the get rich quick theory of life. -Theodore Roosevelt': 2} 
knew {"I'm the type who'd be happy not going anywhere as long as I was sure I knew exactly what was happening at the places I wasn't going to. I'm the type who'd like to sit home and watch every party that I'm invited to on a monitor in my bedroom. -Andy Warhol": 1, 'I never knew what real happiness was until I got married, and by then it was too late. -Max Kaufman': 1, 'I have never started a poem yet whose end I knew. Writing a poem is discovering. -Robert Frost': 1} 
paid {'The cost of freedom is always high, but Americans have always paid it. And one path we shall never choose, and that is the path of surrender, or submission. -John F. Kennedy': 1, 'Worry is interest paid on trouble before it falls due. -W. R. Inge': 1, "I paid too much for it, but it's worth it. -Samuel Goldwyn": 1, 'Knowledge that is paid for will be longer remembered. -Nachman of Bratslav': 1} 
falls {'As every divided kingdom falls, so every mind divided between many studies confounds and saps itself. -Leonardo da Vinci': 1, "Instead of a trap door, what about a trap window? The guy looks out it, and if he leans too far, he falls out. Wait. I guess that's like a regular window. -Jack Handey": 1, 'Worry is interest paid on trouble before it falls due. -W. R. Inge': 1, 'Love yourself first and everything else falls into line. You really have to love yourself to get anything done in this world. -Lucille Ball': 1} 
assault {"You do not lead by hitting people over the head \x97 that's assault, not leadership. -Dwight Eisenhower": 1} 
jean baudrillard {'There is nothing funny about Halloween. This sarcastic festival reflects, rather, an infernal demand for revenge by children on the adult world. -Jean Baudrillard': 1} 
multiply {'No sooner do we depart from sense and instinct to follow reason but we are insensibly drawn into uncouth paradoxes, difficulties, and inconsistencies, which multiply and grow upon us as we advance in speculation; till at length, having wandered through many intricate mazes, we find ourselves just where we were, or, which is worse, sit down in a forlorn scepticism. -George Berkeley': 1} 
america {'My dream is of a place and a time where America will once again be seen as the last best hope of earth. -Abraham Lincoln': 1, 'As Mankind becomes more liberal, they will be more apt to allow that all those who conduct themselves as worthy members of the community are equally entitled to the protections of civil government. I hope ever to see America among the foremost nations of justice and liberality. -George Washington': 1, 'America did not invent human rights. In a very real sense...human rights invented America. -Jimmy Carter': 2, 'America is not like a blanket: one piece of unbroken cloth, the same color, the same texture, the same size. America is more like a quilt: many patches, many pieces, many colors, many sizes, all woven and held together by a common thread. -Jesse Jackson': 2, 'I have one yardstick by which I test every major problem-and that yardstick is: Is it good for America? -Dwight Eisenhower': 1, 'We have to make America the best place in the world to do business. -Dick Cheney': 1, 'The things that will destroy America are prosperity at any price, peace at any price, safety first instead of duty first, the love of soft living and the get rich quick theory of life. -Theodore Roosevelt': 1, 'America is the only country ever founded on a creed. -GK Chesterton': 1} 
james madison {'If tyranny and oppression come to this land, it will be in the guise of fighting a foreign enemy. -James Madison': 1, 'The means of defense against foreign danger historically have become the instruments of tyranny at home. -James Madison': 1, "You give me a credit to which I have no claim in calling me 'the writer of the Constitution of the United States.' This was not, like the fabled Goddess of Wisdom, the offspring of a single brain. It ought to be regarded as the work of many heads and many hands. -James Madison": 1} 
forever {'Live as if you were to die tomorrow. Learn as if you were to live forever. -Mahatma Gandhi': 1, 'Forever is composed of nows. -Emily Dickinson': 1, 'If the primary aim of a captain were to preserve his ship, he would keep it in port forever. -Thomas Aquinas': 1} 
democratic {'The surface of American society is covered with a layer of democratic paint, but from time to time one can see the old aristocratic colours breaking through. -Alexis de Tocqueville': 1, 'The health of a democratic society may be measured by the quality of functions performed by private citizens. -Alexis de Tocqueville': 1, 'Democratic nations must try to find ways to starve the terrorist and the hijacker of the oxygen of publicity on which they depend. -Margaret Thatcher': 1} 
especially {'I love deadlines. I especially like the whooshing sound they make as they go flying by. -Douglas Adams': 1, 'Prediction is very difficult, especially about the future. -Niels Bohr': 1} 
fills {'Just as your hand, held before the eye, can hide the tallest mountain, so this small earthly life keeps us from seeing the vast radiance that fills the core of the universe. -Nachman of Bratslav': 1, 'The time which we have at our disposal every day is elastic; the passions we feel expand it, those that we inspire contract it, and habit fills up what remains. -Marcel Proust': 1} 
average {'Through pride we are ever deceiving ourselves. But deep down below the surface of the average conscience a still, small voice says to us, something is out of tune. -Carl Jung': 1} 
later {'There is hardly a political question in the United States which does not sooner or later turn into a judicial one. -Alexis de Tocqueville': 1, "If your kid makes one of those little homemade guitars out of a cigar box and rubber bands, don't let him just play it once or twice and then throw it away. Make him practice on it, every day, for about three hours a day. Later, he'll thank you. -Jack Handey": 1} 
steady {'Patriotism is not short, frenzied outbursts of emotion, but the tranquil and steady dedication of a lifetime. -Adlai Stevenson': 1, "The days of looking the other way while despotic regimes trample human rights, rob their nations' wealth, and then excuse their failings by feeding their people a steady diet of anti-Western hatred are over. -Dick Cheney": 1} 
hungry {'It is only our bad temper that we put down to being tired or worried or hungry; we put our good temper down to ourselves. -C.S. Lewis': 1} 
gracefully {"Accept good advice gracefully--as long as it doesn't interfere with what you intended to do in the first place. -Gene Brown": 1} 
sunset {"Is there anything more beautiful than a beautiful, beautiful flamingo, flying across in front of a beautiful sunset? And he's carrying a beautiful rose in his beak, and also he's carrying a very beautiful painting with his feet. And also, you're drunk. -Jack Handey": 1} 
wind {'To defend Western Europe we have to let the Pentagon buy all these tanks and guns and things, and the Pentagon is unable to buy any object that that costs less than a condominium in Vail. If the Pentagon needs, say, fruit, it will argue that it must have fruit that can withstand the rigors of combat conditions, and it will wind up purchasing the FX-700 Seedless Tactical Grape, which will cost $160,000 per bunch, and will have an 83 percent failure rate. -Dave Barry': 1} 
slaves {'If you will not fight for the right when you can easily win without bloodshed; if you will not fight when your victory will be sure and not too costly; you may come to the moment when you will have to fight with all the odds against you and only a small chance of survival. There may even be a worse case: you may have to fight when there is no hope of victory, because it is better to perish than to live as slaves. -Winston Churchill': 1} 
professional {'My main objective is to be professional but to kill him. -Mike Tyson': 1} 
that's {"You do not lead by hitting people over the head \x97 that's assault, not leadership. -Dwight Eisenhower": 1, "The most exciting phrase to hear in science, the one that heralds new discoveries, is not 'Eureka!' (I found it!) but 'That's funny...' -Isaac Asimov": 1, "Happiness is so hard to define and foolish to define. Am I acting? That's the worst thing you can ask yourself. You can be happy suddenly. It can spring on you, not when you reach a plateau. You can be happy going backward or going down. You can be happy at the loss of something. -Steve Martin": 1, "Most football teams are temperamental. That's 90% temper and 10% mental. -Doug Plank": 1, "Don't marry a man to reform him - that's what reform schools are for. -Mae West": 1, "I've been accused of vulgarity. I say that's bullshit. -Mel Brooks": 1, "I love argument, I love debate. I don't expect anyone just to sit there and agree with me, that's not their job. -Margaret Thatcher": 1, "Instead of a trap door, what about a trap window? The guy looks out it, and if he leans too far, he falls out. Wait. I guess that's like a regular window. -Jack Handey": 1} 
review {'I arrive at the end of this review having done my duty as a critic. I have described the movie accurately and you have a good idea what you are in for if you go to see it. Most of you will not. I cannot argue with you. Some of you will--the brave and the curious. You embody the spirit of the man who first wondered what it would taste like to eat an oyster. -Roger Ebert': 1} 
masturbation {'Philosophy is to the real world as masturbation is to sex. -Karl Marx': 1} 
shop {'The mind of the thoroughly well-informed man is a dreadful thing. It is like a bric-\xe0-brac shop, all monsters and dust, with everything priced above its proper value. -Oscar Wilde': 1, "It is a good idea to ''shop around'' before you settle on a doctor. Ask about the condition of his Mercedes. Ask about the competence of his mechanic. Don't be shy! After all, you're paying for it. -Dave Barry": 1} 
dissecting {'Analyzing humor is like dissecting a frog. Few people are interested and the frog dies of it. -E.B. White': 1} 
walking {"We all want progress, but if you're on the wrong road, progress means doing an about-turn and walking back to the right road; in that case, the man who turns back soonest is the most progressive. -C.S. Lewis": 1, "Some folks look at me and see a certain swagger, which in Texas is called 'walking.' -George W. Bush": 1, "Don't let people drive you crazy when you know it's in walking distance. -Author Unknown": 1} 
shot {'There is nothing more exhilarating than to be shot at without result. -Winston Churchill': 1} 
show {'Show me your hands. Do they have scars from giving? Show me your feet. Are they wounded in service? Show me your heart. Have you left a place for divine love? -Fulton J. Sheen': 3, 'Men show their characters in nothing more clearly than in what they think laughable. -Johann Wolfgang von Goethe': 1, 'Show me a thoroughly satisfied man and I will show you a failure. -Thomas Edison': 2, 'It takes a lot of courage to show your dreams to someone else. -Erna Bombeck': 1} 
cheat {"You know, there's a million fine looking women in the world, dude. But they don't all bring you lasagna at work. Most of 'em just cheat on you. -Kevin Smith": 1, "One of the great attractions of patriotism -- it fulfills our worst wishes. In the person of our nation we are able, vicariously, to bully and cheat. Bully and cheat, what's more, with a feeling that we are profoundly virtuous. -Aldous Huxley": 2} 
recipe {'The recipe for perpetual ignorance is: be satisfied with your opinions and content with your knowledge. -Elbert Hubbard': 1} 
fifty {'Nobody expects to trust his body overmuch after the age of fifty. -Alexander Hamilton': 1} 
scarce {'As scarce as truth is, the supply has always been in excess of the demand. -Josh Billings': 1} 
imagined {"Never continue in a job you don't enjoy. If you're happy in what you're doing, you'll like yourself, you'll have inner peace. And if you have that, along with physical health, you will have had more success than you could possibly have imagined. -Johnny Carson": 1, 'What is now proved was once only imagined. -William Blake': 1} 
paradoxes {'No sooner do we depart from sense and instinct to follow reason but we are insensibly drawn into uncouth paradoxes, difficulties, and inconsistencies, which multiply and grow upon us as we advance in speculation; till at length, having wandered through many intricate mazes, we find ourselves just where we were, or, which is worse, sit down in a forlorn scepticism. -George Berkeley': 1} 
ground {"The movie's director is the pilot. It's his vision. For an actor, the time to worry about flying is when you're on the ground. If you don't want to fly with the director, don't get on the plane. -Denzel Washington": 1, 'Every year, back comes Spring, with nasty little birds yapping their fool heads off and the ground all mucked up with plants. -Dorothy Parker': 1} 
cant {'If people don\x92t come to the games, you can\x92t stop them. -Yogi Berra': 1} 
slow {'Never discourage anyone who continually makes progress, no matter how slow. -Plato': 1} 
dice {'Not only does God play dice, but he sometimes throws them where they cannot be seen. -Stephen Hawking': 1} 
treasure {"Money never made a man happy yet, nor will it. There is nothing in its nature to produce happiness. The more a man has, the more he wants. Instead of its filling a vacuum, it makes one. If it satisfies one want, it doubles and trebles that want another way. That was a true proverb of the wise man, rely upon it; ''Better is little with the fear of the Lord, than great treasure, and trouble therewith. -Benjamin Franklin": 1} 
robs {'Death is psychologically as important as birth. Shrinking away from it is something unhealthy and abnormal which robs the second half of life of its purpose. -Carl Jung': 1, 'A government which robs Peter to pay Paul can always depend on the support of Paul. -George Bernard Shaw': 1, 'No passion so effectually robs the mind of all its powers of acting and reasoning as fear. -Edmund Burke': 1} 
behind {'There is no strength in unbelief. Even the unbelief of what is false is no source of might. It is the truth shining from behind that gives the strength to disbelieve. -George MacDonald': 1, "Don't walk in front of me, I may not follow. Don't walk behind me, I may not lead. Just walk beside me and be my friend. -Albert Camus": 1, 'Beauty is ever to the lonely mind a shadow fleeting; she is never plain. She is a visitor who leaves behind the gift of grief, the souvenir of pain. -Christopher Morley': 1, 'How did it happen that their lips came together? How does it happen that birds sing, that snow melts, that the rose unfolds, that the dawn whitens behind the stark shapes of trees on the quivering summit of the hill? A kiss, and all was said. -Victor Hugo': 1} 
texture {'America is not like a blanket: one piece of unbroken cloth, the same color, the same texture, the same size. America is more like a quilt: many patches, many pieces, many colors, many sizes, all woven and held together by a common thread. -Jesse Jackson': 1} 
crime {'This country was built on rape, slavery, murder, degradation and affiliation with crime. -Mike Tyson': 1} 
woog {'Cooking was invented in prehistoric times, when a primitive tribe had a lucky accident. The tribe had killed an animal and was going to eat it raw, when a tribe member named Woog tripped and dropped it into the fire. At first the other tribe members were angry at Woog, but then, as the aroma of burning meat filled the air, they had an idea. So they ate Woog raw. -Dave Barry': 3} 
fickle {'Fame is a fickle food upon a shifting plate. -Emily Dickinson': 1, 'Rhis is to be asserted in general of men: that they are ungrateful, fickle, false, cowardly, covetous, and as long as you succeed, are yours entirely; they will offer you their blood, property, life, and children...when the need is far distant; but when it approaches, they will turn against you. -Nicolo Machiavelli': 1} 
going {"If everything seems under control, you're just not going fast enough. -Mario Andretti": 1, "Having a male gynecologist is like going to an auto mechanic who doesn't own a car. -Carrie Snow": 1, "We seem to be going through a period of nostalgia, and everyone seems to think yesterday was better than today. I don't think it was, and I would advise you not to wait ten years before admitting today was great. If you're hung up on nostalgia, pretend today is yesterday and just go out and have one hell of a time. -Art Buchwald": 1, "I'm the type who'd be happy not going anywhere as long as I was sure I knew exactly what was happening at the places I wasn't going to. I'm the type who'd like to sit home and watch every party that I'm invited to on a monitor in my bedroom. -Andy Warhol": 2, 'Being is desirable because it is identical with Beauty, and Beauty is loved because it is Being. We ourselves possess Beauty when we are true to our own being; ugliness is in going over to another order; knowing ourselves, we are beautiful; in self-ignorance, we are ugly. -Ambrose Bierce': 1, "You can't build a reputation on what you are going to do. -Henry Ford": 1, "Happiness is so hard to define and foolish to define. Am I acting? That's the worst thing you can ask yourself. You can be happy suddenly. It can spring on you, not when you reach a plateau. You can be happy going backward or going down. You can be happy at the loss of something. -Steve Martin": 2, 'Success is going from failure to failure without losing enthusiasm. -Winston Churchill': 1, "Don't join the book burners. Do not think you are going to conceal thoughts by concealing evidence that they ever existed. -Dwight Eisenhower": 1, "I'm never going to be famous. My name will never be writ large on the roster of Those Who Do Things. I don't do any thing. Not one single thing. I used to bite my nails, but I don't even do that any more. -Dorothy Parker": 1, "You got to be very careful if you don't know where you're going, because you might not get there. -Yogi Berra": 1, 'Cooking was invented in prehistoric times, when a primitive tribe had a lucky accident. The tribe had killed an animal and was going to eat it raw, when a tribe member named Woog tripped and dropped it into the fire. At first the other tribe members were angry at Woog, but then, as the aroma of burning meat filled the air, they had an idea. So they ate Woog raw. -Dave Barry': 1, 'The difference between sex and death is that with death you can do it alone and no one is going to make fun of you. -Woody Allen': 1, "Speeches are for the younger men who are going places. And I'm not going anyplace except six feet under the floor of that little chapel adjoining the museum and library at Abilene. -Dwight Eisenhower": 2} 
black {"A mathematician is a blind man in a dark room looking for a black cat which isn't there. -Charles Robert": 1, 'Black holes are where God divided by zero. -Steven Wright': 1} 
developed {'An idea that is developed and put into action is more important than an idea that exists only as an idea. -Siddhartha Buddha': 1, 'Nothing separates the generations more than music. By the time a child is eight or nine, he has developed a passion for his own music that is even stronger than his passions for procrastination and weird clothes. -Bill Cosby': 1} 
outrage {"It is necessary for the welfare of society that genius should be privileged to utter sedition, to blaspheme, to outrage good taste, to corrupt the youthful mind, and generally to scandalize one's uncles. -George Bernard Shaw": 1} 
enthusiasm {'Success is going from failure to failure without losing enthusiasm. -Winston Churchill': 1, 'Enthusiasm is the great hill-climber. -Elbert Hubbard': 1} 
uncles {"It is necessary for the welfare of society that genius should be privileged to utter sedition, to blaspheme, to outrage good taste, to corrupt the youthful mind, and generally to scandalize one's uncles. -George Bernard Shaw": 1} 
get {'When you work seven days a week, fourteen hours a day, you get lucky. -Armand Hammer': 1, 'Money can help you to get medicines but not health. Money can help you to get soft pillows, but not sound sleep. Money can help you to get material comforts, but not eternal bliss. Money can help you to get ornaments, but not beauty. Money will help you to get an electric earphone, but not natural hearing. Attain the supreme wealth, wisdom, and you will have everything. -Benjamin Franklin': 5, 'No man will make a great leader who wants to do it all himself or get all the credit for doing it. -Andrew Carnegie': 1, 'The object of teaching a child is to enable him to get along without a teacher. -Elbert Hubbard': 1, 'Politics has got so expensive that it takes lots of money to even get beat with. -Will Rogers': 1, 'The things that will destroy America are prosperity at any price, peace at any price, safety first instead of duty first, the love of soft living and the get rich quick theory of life. -Theodore Roosevelt': 1, 'I get to go to lots of overseas places, like Canada. -Britney Spears': 1, 'Why, you can take the most gallant sailor, the most intrepid airman or the most audacious soldier, put them at a table together - what do you get? The sum of their fears. -Winston Churchill': 1, 'Love yourself first and everything else falls into line. You really have to love yourself to get anything done in this world. -Lucille Ball': 1, "Don't take life too seriously; you'll never get out of it alive. -Elbert Hubbard": 1, 'We make a living by what we get, but we make a life by what we give. -Winston Churchill': 1, 'All men are timid on entering any fight. Whether it is the first or the last fight, all of us are timid. Cowards are those who let their timidity get the better of their manhood. -George Patton': 1, 'The reason we hold truth in such respect is because we have so little opportunity to get familiar with it. -Mark Twain': 1, "Advice to young writers who want to get ahead without annoying delays: don\x92t write about Man, write about 'a' man. -E.B. White": 1, "No matter what they're charging to get in, it's worth more to get out. -Roger Ebert": 2, 'Men have always been afraid that women could get along without them. -Margaret Mead': 1, 'I believe one of the reasons so many do not get a higher education is the fear of their parents that they will lose more morally than they will receive mentally. -William Jennings Bryan': 1, "Life's Tragedy is that we get old to soon and wise too late. -Benjamin Franklin": 1, "You got to be very careful if you don't know where you're going, because you might not get there. -Yogi Berra": 1, 'Get mad, then get over it. -Colin Powell': 2, "How did it get so late so soon? It's night before it's afternoon. December is here before it's June. My goodness how the time has flewn. How did it get so late so soon? -Theodor Seuss Geisel": 2, "The movie's director is the pilot. It's his vision. For an actor, the time to worry about flying is when you're on the ground. If you don't want to fly with the director, don't get on the plane. -Denzel Washington": 1, "Christmas is a time when you get homesick, even when you're home. -Carol Nelson": 1, 'The aging process has you firmly in its grasp if you never get the urge to throw a snowball. -Doug Larson': 1, 'A man who desires to get married should know either everything or nothing. -Oscar Wilde': 1, 'Grief can take care of itself, but to get the full value of joy you must have somebody to divide it with. -Mark Twain': 1} 
stomp {'Life is anything that dies when you stomp on it. -Dave Barry': 1} 
horrible {".I had to face the horrible truth: The antitobacco people are lying. Smoking really is cool. And I'm less cool for not doing it. -Tucker Carlson": 1} 
satisfied {'The recipe for perpetual ignorance is: be satisfied with your opinions and content with your knowledge. -Elbert Hubbard': 1, 'Show me a thoroughly satisfied man and I will show you a failure. -Thomas Edison': 1} 
grave {'The mystic chords of memory, stretching from every battlefield and patriot grave to every living heart and hearthstone all over this broad land, will yet swell the chorus of the Union, when again touched, as surely they will be, by the better angels of our nature. -Abraham Lincoln': 1} 
cannot {'Not only does God play dice, but he sometimes throws them where they cannot be seen. -Stephen Hawking': 1, 'The president cannot escape from his office. -Dwight Eisenhower': 1, 'Good manners will open doors that the best education cannot. -Clarence Thomas': 1, 'What you do speaks so loudly that I cannot hear what you say. -Ralph Waldo Emerson': 1, 'The man who does not read good books has no advantage over the man who cannot read them. -Mark Twain': 1, 'That the innocent, though they may have some connexion or dependency upon the guilty (which, perhaps, they themselves cannot help), should not, upon that account, suffer or be punished for the guilty, is one of the plainest and most obvious rules of justice. -Adam Smith': 1, 'I am Envy. I cannot read and therefore wish all books burned. -Christopher Marlowe': 1, 'By a curious confusion, many modern critics have passed from the proposition that a masterpiece may be unpopular to the other proposition that unless it is unpopular it cannot be a masterpiece. -GK Chesterton': 1, 'Humility is the foundation of all the other virtues hence, in the soul in which this virtue does not exist there cannot be any other virtue except in mere appearance. -Saint Augustine': 1, 'Those who bring sunshine to the lives of others, cannot keep it from themselves. -James Matthew Barrie': 1, 'No human relation gives one possession in another...every two souls are absolutely different. In friendship and in love, the two side by side raise hands together to find what one cannot reach alone. -Kahlil Gibran': 1, 'The laws of gravity cannot be held responsible for people falling in love. -Albert Einstein': 1, "You cannot go on 'explaining away' for ever: you will find that you have explained explanation itself away. You cannot go on 'seeing through' things for ever. The whole point of seeing through something is to see something through it. -C.S. Lewis": 2, 'The best and most beautiful things in the world cannot be seen or even touched. They must be felt with the heart. -Helen Keller': 1, 'One can resist the invasion of an army but one cannot resist the invasion of ideas. -Victor Hugo': 1, "There cannot be true democracy unless women's voices are heard. -Hillary Clinton": 1, 'The significant problems we face cannot be solved at the same level of thinking we were at when we created them. -Albert Einstein': 1, 'Music expresses that which cannot be said and on which it is impossible to be silent. -Victor Hugo': 1, 'I believe this government cannot endure permanently half slave and half free. -Abraham Lincoln': 1, 'I arrive at the end of this review having done my duty as a critic. I have described the movie accurately and you have a good idea what you are in for if you go to see it. Most of you will not. I cannot argue with you. Some of you will--the brave and the curious. You embody the spirit of the man who first wondered what it would taste like to eat an oyster. -Roger Ebert': 1, "The function of RAM is to give us guys a way of deciding whose computer has the biggest, studliest, most tumescent MEMORY. This is important, because with today's complex software, the more memory a computer has, the faster it can produce error messages. So the bottom line is, if you're a guy, you cannot have enough RAM. -Dave Barry": 1, 'He that cannot obey, cannot command. -Benjamin Franklin': 2} 
nearly {'Without question, the greatest invention in the history of mankind is beer. Oh, I grant you that the wheel was also a fine invention, but the wheel does not go nearly as well with pizza. -Dave Barry': 1} 
egalitarians {'Egalitarians create the most dangerous inequality of all -- inequality of power. Allowing politicians to determine what all other human beings will be allowed to earn is one of the most reckless gambles imaginable. Like the income tax, it may start off being applied only to the rich but it will inevitably reach us all. -Thomas Sowell': 1} 
jimmy carter {'America did not invent human rights. In a very real sense...human rights invented America. -Jimmy Carter': 1} 
celebrate {"A University of Chicago professor said the greatest day in the world was when a water puppy crawled out on land and decided to stay. The water puppy, he said, went on to become a man. If he proves that, I am willing to give up Christmas, Thanksgiving, and New Year's Day, and to celebrate Water Puppy Day. -William Jennings Bryan": 1} 
secondary {'It behooves every man to remember that the work of the critic is of altogether secondary importance, and that, in the end, progress is accomplished by the man who does things. -Theodore Roosevelt': 1} 
regarding {'Regarding the debate about faith and works: It\x92s like asking which blade in a pair of scissors is most important. -C.S. Lewis': 1} 
pinnacle {'The United States stands at the pinnacle of world power. This is a solemn moment for the American democracy. For with primacy in power is joined an awe-inspiring accountability for the future. -Winston Churchill': 1} 
rita mae brown {"As a woman, I find it very embarrassing to be in a meeting and realize I'm the only one in the room with balls. -Rita Mae Brown": 1, "The statistics on sanity are that one out of every four Americans are suffering from some form of mental illness. Think of your three best friends. If they're okay, then it's you. -Rita Mae Brown": 1} 
seldom {'Anger is never without an argument, but seldom with a good one. -George Savile': 1, 'Errors of haste are seldom committed singly. The first time a man always does too much. And precisely on that account he commits a second error, and then he does too little. -Friedrich Nietzsche': 1} 
yield {'Never give in--never, never, never, never, in nothing great or small, large or petty, never give in except to convictions of honour and good sense. Never yield to force; never yield to the apparently overwhelming might of the enemy. -Winston Churchill': 2, 'Against criticism a man can neither protest nor defend himself; he must act in spite of it, and then it will gradually yield to him. -Johann Wolfgang von Goethe': 1} 
morning {'I wake each morning torn between the desire to improve the world and the desire to enjoy it. It makes it hard to plan the day. -E.B. White': 1, 'A truly great book should be read in youth, again in maturity and once more in old age, as a fine building should be seen by morning light, at noon and by moonlight. -Robertson Davies': 1, 'I may be drunk, Miss, but in the morning I will be sober and you will still be ugly. -Winston Churchill': 1, "There's nothing sadder in this world than to awake Christmas morning and not be a child. -Erna Bombeck": 1, 'The first thing I do in the morning is brush my teeth and sharpen my tongue. -Dorothy Parker': 1, 'If my children wake up on Christmas morning and have someone to thank for putting candy in their stocking, have I no one to thank for putting two feet in mine? -GK Chesterton': 1} 
naked {'Eros will have naked bodies; Friendship naked personalities. -C.S. Lewis': 2} 
jokes {"Forgive, O Lord, my little jokes on Thee, and I'll forgive Thy great big joke on me. -Robert Frost": 1, "I don't make jokes. I just watch the government and report the facts. -Will Rogers": 1} 
effectual {'To be prepared for war is one of the most effectual means of preserving peace. -George Washington': 1} 
stupid {'It is one of the blessings of old friends that you can afford to be stupid with them. -Ralph Waldo Emerson': 1, "Thus far, the reputed idiot Bush has graduated from Yale and Harvard, made a stack of cash in the oil industry, become the first consecutive-term governor of Texas, defeated a dual-term VP for the presidency, and led his party to [November 5th's] extraordinary triumphs. Let his opponents keep calling him stupid; if they do, within five years Bush will be King of England, the Pope, and world Formula One motor racing champion. -Tim Blair": 1, 'Nietzsche was stupid and abnormal. -Leo Tolstoy': 1, 'Men are born ignorant, not stupid; they are made stupid by education. -Bertrand Russell': 2} 
clowns {"To me, clowns aren't funny. In fact, they're kinda scary. I've wondered where this started, and I think it goes back to the time I went to the circus and a clown killed my dad. -Jack Handey": 1} 
where {"To me, clowns aren't funny. In fact, they're kinda scary. I've wondered where this started, and I think it goes back to the time I went to the circus and a clown killed my dad. -Jack Handey": 1, 'No sooner do we depart from sense and instinct to follow reason but we are insensibly drawn into uncouth paradoxes, difficulties, and inconsistencies, which multiply and grow upon us as we advance in speculation; till at length, having wandered through many intricate mazes, we find ourselves just where we were, or, which is worse, sit down in a forlorn scepticism. -George Berkeley': 1, 'Where knowledge ends, religion begins. -Benjamin Disraeli': 1, 'Black holes are where God divided by zero. -Steven Wright': 1, 'In any fairly large and talkative community such as a university there is always the danger that those who think alike should gravitate together where they will henceforth encounter opposition only in the emasculated form of rumour that the outsiders say thus and thus. The absent are easily refuted, complacent dogmatism thrives, and differences of opinion are embittered by the group hostility. Each group hears not the best, but the worst, that the other group can say. -C.S. Lewis': 1, 'And what\x92s romance? Usually, a nice little tale where you have everything As You Like It, where rain never wets your jacket and gnats never bite your nose and it\x92s always daisy-time. -D.H. Lawrence': 2, 'My dream is of a place and a time where America will once again be seen as the last best hope of earth. -Abraham Lincoln': 1, 'A free society is one where it is safe to be unpopular. -Adlai Stevenson': 1, "If you're in a boxing match, try not to let the other guy's glove touch your lips, because you don't know where that glove has been. -Jack Handey": 1, 'Originality is the fine art of remembering what you hear but forgetting where you heard it. -Laurence Peter': 1, "The right to swing my fist ends where the other man's nose begins. -Oliver Wendell Holmes": 1, 'Not only does God play dice, but he sometimes throws them where they cannot be seen. -Stephen Hawking': 1, "Where there's marriage without love, there will be love without marriage. -Benjamin Franklin": 1, "Having someone wonder where you are when you don't come home at night is a very old human need. -Margaret Mead": 1, 'It is the madness of folly, to expect mercy from those who have refused to do justice; and even mercy, where conquest is the object, is only a trick of war; the cunning of the fox is as murderous as the violence of the wolf. -Thomas Paine': 1, "You got to be very careful if you don't know where you're going, because you might not get there. -Yogi Berra": 1, 'We are living in a world, where what we earn is a function of what we learn. -Bill Clinton': 1, 'The greatest thing in this world is not so much where we are, but in what direction we are moving. -Oliver Wendell Holmes': 1, "I think it's the duty of the comedian to find out where the line is drawn and cross it deliberately. -George Carlin": 1} 
vision {"The movie's director is the pilot. It's his vision. For an actor, the time to worry about flying is when you're on the ground. If you don't want to fly with the director, don't get on the plane. -Denzel Washington": 1} 
ignored {'Facts do not cease to exist because they are ignored. -Aldous Huxley': 1} 
buckminster fuller {'Nature is trying very hard to make us succeed, but nature does not depend on us. We are not the only experiment. -Buckminster Fuller': 1, 'Humanity is acquiring all the right technology for all the wrong reasons. -Buckminster Fuller': 1} 
beethoven {'If a man is called to be a streetsweeper, he should sweep streets even as Michelangelo painted, or Beethoven composed music, or Shakespeare wrote poetry. He should sweep streets so well that all the host of heaven and earth will pause to say, here lived a great streetsweeper who did his job well. -Martin Luther King Jr.': 1} 
temperance {"The puritanism of Christianity has played havoc with the moderation that an enlightened and tolerant critical spirit would have produced. I've noticed that in whatever country, county, town, or other region there is a regulation enjoining temperance, the population seems to be entirely composed of teetotallers and drunkards. There's a Bible on that shelf there. But I keep it next to Voltaire - poison and antidote. -Bertrand Russell": 1} 
physically {'If I feel physically as if the top of my head were taken off, I know that is poetry. -Emily Dickinson': 1} 
richard p. feynman {'The first principle is that you must not fool yourself - and you are the easiest person to fool. -Richard P. Feynman': 1} 
statistic {'A single death is a tragedy; a million deaths is a statistic. -Joseph Stalin': 1} 
hasn't {"I told my psychiatrist that everyone hates me. He said I was being ridiculous - everyone hasn't met me yet. -Rodney Dangerfield": 1} 
college {"Everybody can be great... because anybody can serve. You don't have to have a college degree to serve. You don't have to make your subject and verb agree to serve. You only need a heart full of grace. A soul generated by love. -Martin Luther King Jr.": 1} 
existence {'Question with boldness even the existence of a God; because, if there be one, he must more approve of the homage of reason, than that of blind-folded fear. -Thomas Jefferson': 1} 
apologies {'Rings and jewels are not gifts but apologies for gifts. The only true gift is a portion of yourself. -Ralph Waldo Emerson': 1} 
sport {'Serious sport has nothing to do with fair play. It is bound up with hatred, jealousy, boastfulness, disregard of all rules and sadistic pleasure in witnessing violence. In other words: it is war minus the shooting. -George Orwell': 1, "This is the second most exciting indoor sport, and the other one shouldn't have spectators. -Dick Vertleib": 1} 
violates {'He that would make his own liberty secure, must guard even his enemy from opposition; for if he violates this duty he establishes a precedent that will reach himself. -Thomas Paine': 1} 
reputed {"Thus far, the reputed idiot Bush has graduated from Yale and Harvard, made a stack of cash in the oil industry, become the first consecutive-term governor of Texas, defeated a dual-term VP for the presidency, and led his party to [November 5th's] extraordinary triumphs. Let his opponents keep calling him stupid; if they do, within five years Bush will be King of England, the Pope, and world Formula One motor racing champion. -Tim Blair": 1} 
wonder {"Having someone wonder where you are when you don't come home at night is a very old human need. -Margaret Mead": 1} 
brave {'I arrive at the end of this review having done my duty as a critic. I have described the movie accurately and you have a good idea what you are in for if you go to see it. Most of you will not. I cannot argue with you. Some of you will--the brave and the curious. You embody the spirit of the man who first wondered what it would taste like to eat an oyster. -Roger Ebert': 1} 
inequalities {'It is the dissimilarities and inequalities among men which give rise to the notion of honor; as such differences become less, it grows feeble; and when they disappear, it will vanish too. -Alexis de Tocqueville': 1} 
farmers {'Let us not forget that the cultivation of the earth is the most important labor of man. When tillage begins, other arts will follow. The farmers, therefore, are the founders of civilization. -Daniel Webster': 1} 
ways {'The hour of departure has arrived, and we go our ways - I to die, and you to live. Which is better God only knows. -Plato': 1, 'Democratic nations must try to find ways to starve the terrorist and the hijacker of the oxygen of publicity on which they depend. -Margaret Thatcher': 1} 
senate {"When they call the roll in the Senate, the Senators do not know whether to answer 'Present' or 'Not guilty.' -Theodore Roosevelt": 1} 
ornament {'Bashfulness is an ornament to youth, but a reproach to old age. -Aristotle': 1} 
despotic {"The days of looking the other way while despotic regimes trample human rights, rob their nations' wealth, and then excuse their failings by feeding their people a steady diet of anti-Western hatred are over. -Dick Cheney": 1} 
colours {'The surface of American society is covered with a layer of democratic paint, but from time to time one can see the old aristocratic colours breaking through. -Alexis de Tocqueville': 1} 
enough {"If everything seems under control, you're just not going fast enough. -Mario Andretti": 1, 'Have children while your parents are still young enough to take care of them. -Rita Rudner': 1, 'If we will be quiet and ready enough, we shall find compensation in every disappointment. -Henry Thoreau': 1, 'He who is not courageous enough to take risks will accomplish nothing in life. -Muhammad Ali': 1, "The function of RAM is to give us guys a way of deciding whose computer has the biggest, studliest, most tumescent MEMORY. This is important, because with today's complex software, the more memory a computer has, the faster it can produce error messages. So the bottom line is, if you're a guy, you cannot have enough RAM. -Dave Barry": 1, 'If society fits you comfortably enough, you call it freedom. -Robert Frost': 1} 
invokes {'Anyone who invokes authors in discussion is not using his intelligence but his memory. -Leonardo da Vinci': 1} 
between {'There is a great deal of difference between an eager man who wants to read a book and the tired man who wants a book to read. -GK Chesterton': 1, 'Love is the delightful interval between meeting a beautiful girl and discovering that she looks like a haddock. -John Barrymore': 1, 'The difference between sex and death is that with death you can do it alone and no one is going to make fun of you. -Woody Allen': 1, 'As every divided kingdom falls, so every mind divided between many studies confounds and saps itself. -Leonardo da Vinci': 1, 'It is very easy to tell the difference between man-made and God-made objects. The more you magnify man-made objects, the cruder they look, but the more you magnify God-made objects, the more precise and intricate they appear. -Luther Sutherland': 1, 'The difference between genius and stupidity is that genius has its limits. -Albert Einstein': 1, "If a woman has to choose between catching a fly ball and saving an infant's life, she will choose to save the infant's life without even considering if there are men on base. -Dave Barry": 1, 'One of the striking differences between a cat and a lie is that a cat has only nine lives. -Mark Twain': 1, 'I wake each morning torn between the desire to improve the world and the desire to enjoy it. It makes it hard to plan the day. -E.B. White': 1, 'Some of your countrymen were unable to distinguish between their native dislike for war and the stainless patriotism of those who suffered its scars. But there has been a rethinking and now we can say to you, and say as a nation, thank you for your courage. -Ronald Reagan': 1, 'All men are frauds. The only difference between them is that some admit it. I myself deny it. -Henry Mencken': 1, 'The best of life is conversation, and the greatest success is confidence, or perfect understanding between two people. -Ralph Waldo Emerson': 1} 
inoculating {'For each illness that doctors cure with medicine, they provoke ten in healthy people by inoculating them with the virus that is a thousand times more powerful than any microbe: the idea that one is ill. -Marcel Proust': 1} 
reading {'Either write something worth reading or do something worth writing. -Benjamin Franklin': 1} 
across {"Is there anything more beautiful than a beautiful, beautiful flamingo, flying across in front of a beautiful sunset? And he's carrying a beautiful rose in his beak, and also he's carrying a very beautiful painting with his feet. And also, you're drunk. -Jack Handey": 1} 
gives {'There is no strength in unbelief. Even the unbelief of what is false is no source of might. It is the truth shining from behind that gives the strength to disbelieve. -George MacDonald': 1, 'The last thing a political party gives up is its vocabulary. -Alexis de Tocqueville': 1, 'No human relation gives one possession in another...every two souls are absolutely different. In friendship and in love, the two side by side raise hands together to find what one cannot reach alone. -Kahlil Gibran': 1, 'Nothing gives one person so much advantage over another as to remain always cool and unruffled under all circumstances. -Thomas Jefferson': 1} 
notice {"Ever notice that 'what the hell' is always the right decision? -Marilyn Monroe": 1, 'Goldie and I did have a car stolen right out of our yard. It took us three days to notice. -Kurt Russell': 1} 
vertical {'Religion operates not only on the vertical plane but also on the horizontal. It seeks not only to integrate men with God but to integrate men with men and each man with himself. -Martin Luther King Jr.': 1} 
hundredth {'I think and think for months and years, ninety-nine times, the conclusion is false. The hundredth time I am right. -Albert Einstein': 1} 
killing {'The thing we all have to understand to put these last two years in focus, is that liberals in this country care more about whether European leaders like us than they do about whether terrorists are killing us. -Rush Limbaugh': 1} 
blame {'There is luxury in self-reproach. When we blame ourselves, we feel no one else has a right to blame us. -Oscar Wilde': 2, "We all wish to be judged by our peers, by the men 'after our own heart.' Only they really know our mind and only they judge it by standards we fully acknowledge. Theirs is the praise we really covet and the blame we really dread. The little pockets of early Chrstians survived because they cared exclusively for the love of 'the bretheren' and stopped their ears to the opinion of the Pagan society around them. But a circle of criminals, cranks, or perverts survives in just the same way; by becoming deaf to the opinion of the outer world, by discounting it as the chatter of outsiders who 'don't understand,' of the 'conventional,' the 'bourgeois,' the 'Establishment,' of prigs, prudes, and humbugs. -C.S. Lewis": 1} 
faults {"To find out a girl's faults, praise her to her girl friends. -Benjamin Franklin": 1} 
leading {'The leading cause of death among fashion models is falling through street grates. -Dave Barry': 1, 'PRESIDENT, n. The leading figure in a small group of men of whom \x97 and of whom only \x97 it is positively known that immense numbers of their countrymen did not want any of them for President. -Ambrose Bierce': 1} 
spare {'I do not believe one can settle how much we ought to give. I am afraid the only safe rule is to give more than we can spare. -C.S. Lewis': 1} 
multiplies {'Returning violence for violence multiplies violence, adding deeper darkness to a night already devoid of stars. -Martin Luther King Jr.': 1} 
cities {'Let the river roll which way it will, cities will rise on its banks. -Ralph Waldo Emerson': 1} 
come {'Were it possible for us to wait for ourselves to come into the room, not many of us would find our hearts breaking into flower as we heard the door handle turn. -Rebecca West': 1, 'The customs and fashions of men change like leaves on the bough, some of which go and others come. -Dante Alighieri': 1, "I didn't come to Washington to be loved and I haven't been disappointed. -Philip L. Gramm": 1, "Without computers, the government would be unable to function at the level of effectiveness and efficiency that we have come to expect.  This is because the primary function of the government is -- and here I am quoting directly from the U.S. Constitution -- 'to spew out paper.' -Dave Barry": 1, 'If people don\x92t come to the games, you can\x92t stop them. -Yogi Berra': 1, 'If tyranny and oppression come to this land, it will be in the guise of fighting a foreign enemy. -James Madison': 1, "Having someone wonder where you are when you don't come home at night is a very old human need. -Margaret Mead": 1, "I have come to the conclusion that my subjective account of my motivation is largely mythical on almost all occasions. I don't know why I do things. -J.B.S. Haldane": 1, 'The ACLU is always yakking about the Constitution, and most of us are getting mighty tired of it. I mean, if the Constitution is so great, how come it was amended so many times? Huh? -Dave Barry': 1, 'If eighty percent of your sales come from twenty percent of all of your items, just carry those twenty percent. -Henry Kissinger': 1, 'If you will not fight for the right when you can easily win without bloodshed; if you will not fight when your victory will be sure and not too costly; you may come to the moment when you will have to fight with all the odds against you and only a small chance of survival. There may even be a worse case: you may have to fight when there is no hope of victory, because it is better to perish than to live as slaves. -Winston Churchill': 1} 
recall {'Happy, happy Christmas, that can win us back to the delusions of our childhood days, recall to the old man the pleasures of his youth, and transport the traveler back to his own fireside and quiet home! -Charles Dickens': 1} 
warhol {'Andy Warhol made fame more famous. -Fran Lebowitz': 1} 
dates {'Nothing so dates a man as to decry the younger generation. -Adlai Stevenson': 1} 
acquiring {'Humanity is acquiring all the right technology for all the wrong reasons. -Buckminster Fuller': 1} 
many {'Were it possible for us to wait for ourselves to come into the room, not many of us would find our hearts breaking into flower as we heard the door handle turn. -Rebecca West': 1, 'It is astonishing what an effort it seems to be for many people to put their brains definitely and systematically to work. -Thomas Edison': 1, "Many of life's failures are people who did not realize how close they were to success when they gave up. -Thomas Edison": 1, 'You are young, my son, and, as the years go by, time will change and even reverse many of your present opinions. Refrain therefore awhile from setting yourself up as a judge of the highest matters. -Plato': 1, "We've got to live. No matter how many skies have fallen. -D.H. Lawrence": 1, 'A successful marriage requires falling in love many times, always with the same person. -Germaine Greer': 1, 'Many who seem to be struggling with adversity are happy; many, amid great affluence, are utterly miserable. -Tacitus': 2, "Middle age is when you've met so many people that every new person you meet reminds you of someone else. -Ogden Nash": 1, 'No sooner do we depart from sense and instinct to follow reason but we are insensibly drawn into uncouth paradoxes, difficulties, and inconsistencies, which multiply and grow upon us as we advance in speculation; till at length, having wandered through many intricate mazes, we find ourselves just where we were, or, which is worse, sit down in a forlorn scepticism. -George Berkeley': 1, 'By a curious confusion, many modern critics have passed from the proposition that a masterpiece may be unpopular to the other proposition that unless it is unpopular it cannot be a masterpiece. -GK Chesterton': 1, 'We ascribe beauty to that which is simple; which has no superfluous parts; which exactly answers its end; which stands related to all things; which is the mean of many extremes. -Ralph Waldo Emerson': 1, 'Cowards die many times before their deaths. The valiant never taste of death but once. -William Shakespeare': 1, 'Like many intellectuals, he was incapable of saying a simple thing in a simple way. -Marcel Proust': 1, 'As every divided kingdom falls, so every mind divided between many studies confounds and saps itself. -Leonardo da Vinci': 1, 'Rome remained free for four hundred years and Sparta eight hundred, although their citizens were armed all that time; but many other states that have been disarmed have lost their liberties in less than forty years. -Nicolo Machiavelli': 1, "You give me a credit to which I have no claim in calling me 'the writer of the Constitution of the United States.' This was not, like the fabled Goddess of Wisdom, the offspring of a single brain. It ought to be regarded as the work of many heads and many hands. -James Madison": 2, 'Too many poets delude themselves by thinking that the mind is dangerous and must be left out. Well, the mind is dangerous and must be left in. -Robert Frost': 1, 'I believe one of the reasons so many do not get a higher education is the fear of their parents that they will lose more morally than they will receive mentally. -William Jennings Bryan': 1, 'The ACLU is always yakking about the Constitution, and most of us are getting mighty tired of it. I mean, if the Constitution is so great, how come it was amended so many times? Huh? -Dave Barry': 1, 'America is not like a blanket: one piece of unbroken cloth, the same color, the same texture, the same size. America is more like a quilt: many patches, many pieces, many colors, many sizes, all woven and held together by a common thread. -Jesse Jackson': 4, 'Sin has many tools, but a lie is the handle which fits them all. -Edmund Burke': 1, "Many a man's reputation would not know his character if they met on the street. -Elbert Hubbard": 1} 
john f. kennedy {'Those who make peaceful revolution impossible will make violent revolution inevitable. -John F. Kennedy': 1, 'Washington is a city of Southern efficiency and Northern charm. -John F. Kennedy': 1, 'No easy problem ever comes to the President of the United States. If they are easy to solve, somebody else has solved them. -John F. Kennedy': 1, 'Let the word go forth from this time and place, to friend and foe alike, that the torch has been passed to a new generation of Americans. -John F. Kennedy': 1, 'Ask not what your country can do for you - ask what you can do for your country. -John F. Kennedy': 1, "When we got into office, the thing that surprised me the most was that things were as bad as we'd been saying they were. -John F. Kennedy": 1, "Mothers all want their sons to grow up to be president, but they don't want them to become politicians in the process. -John F. Kennedy": 1, 'The cost of freedom is always high, but Americans have always paid it. And one path we shall never choose, and that is the path of surrender, or submission. -John F. Kennedy': 1, 'Happiness is the full use of your powers along lines of excellence. -John F. Kennedy': 1} 
w. r. inge {'Worry is interest paid on trouble before it falls due. -W. R. Inge': 1} 
according {'Such is the delicacy of man alone, that no object is produced to his liking. He finds that in everything there is need for improvement. The whole industry of human life is employed not in procuring the supply of our three humble necessities, food, clothes and lodging, but in procuring the conveniences of it according to the nicety and delicacy of our tastes. -Adam Smith': 1, "I don't work according to nature, but infront and together with it. An artist must observe the nature, but never confuse it with the art. -Pablo Picasso": 1, 'Experience proves this, or that, or nothing, according to the preconceptions we bring to it. -C.S. Lewis': 1, 'To be a philosopher is not merely to have subtle thoughts; but so to love wisdom as to live according to its dictates. -Henry Thoreau': 1} 
contract {'The time which we have at our disposal every day is elastic; the passions we feel expand it, those that we inspire contract it, and habit fills up what remains. -Marcel Proust': 1} 
s {"Without computers, the government would be unable to function at the level of effectiveness and efficiency that we have come to expect.  This is because the primary function of the government is -- and here I am quoting directly from the U.S. Constitution -- 'to spew out paper.' -Dave Barry": 1} 
loudly {'What you do speaks so loudly that I cannot hear what you say. -Ralph Waldo Emerson': 1} 
purely {"I think computer viruses should count as life. I think it says something about human nature that the only form of life we have created so far is purely destructive. We've created life in our own image. -Stephen Hawking": 1} 
disappointment {'Maturity is a bitter disappointment for which no remedy exists, unless laughter can be said to remedy anything. -Kurt Vonnegut': 1, 'If we will be quiet and ready enough, we shall find compensation in every disappointment. -Henry Thoreau': 1} 
laurence peter {'Originality is the fine art of remembering what you hear but forgetting where you heard it. -Laurence Peter': 1, 'Everyone is in awe of the lion tamer in a cage with half a dozen lions -- everyone but a school bus driver. -Laurence Peter': 1} 
expression {"Art is man's expression of his joy in labor. -Henry Kissinger": 1} 
comes {"I once said cynically of a politician, 'He'll doublecross that bridge when he comes to it.' -Oscar Levant": 1, 'With the sleep of dreams comes nightmares. -William Shakespeare': 1, 'No easy problem ever comes to the President of the United States. If they are easy to solve, somebody else has solved them. -John F. Kennedy': 1, 'What we are today comes from our thoughts of yesterday and our present thoughts build our life tomorrow. Our life is the creation of our mind. -Siddhartha Buddha': 1, 'After silence, that which comes nearest to expressing the inexpressible is Music. -Aldous Huxley': 1, 'Every year, back comes Spring, with nasty little birds yapping their fool heads off and the ground all mucked up with plants. -Dorothy Parker': 1, 'Knowledge comes, but wisdom lingers. -Calvin Coolidge': 1, 'True wisdom comes to each of us when we realize how little we understand about life, ourselves, and the world around us. -Socrates': 1} 
duty {'I arrive at the end of this review having done my duty as a critic. I have described the movie accurately and you have a good idea what you are in for if you go to see it. Most of you will not. I cannot argue with you. Some of you will--the brave and the curious. You embody the spirit of the man who first wondered what it would taste like to eat an oyster. -Roger Ebert': 1, 'He that would make his own liberty secure, must guard even his enemy from opposition; for if he violates this duty he establishes a precedent that will reach himself. -Thomas Paine': 1, "Duties are not performed for duty's sake, but because their neglect would make the man uncomfortable. A man performs but one duty - the duty of contenting his spirit, the duty of making himself agreeable to himself. -Mark Twain": 3, 'Let us have faith that right makes might, and in that faith, let us, to the end, dare to do our duty as we understand it. -Abraham Lincoln': 1, "To grasp the full significance of life is the actor's duty, to interpret it is his problem and to express it his dedication. -Marlon Brando": 1, 'The Nation which indulges toward another an habitual hatred or an habitual fondness is in some degree a slave. It is a slave to its animosity or to its affection, either of which is sufficient to lead it astray from its duty and its interest. -George Washington': 1, 'The things that will destroy America are prosperity at any price, peace at any price, safety first instead of duty first, the love of soft living and the get rich quick theory of life. -Theodore Roosevelt': 1, "I think it's the duty of the comedian to find out where the line is drawn and cross it deliberately. -George Carlin": 1} 
among {'The leading cause of death among fashion models is falling through street grates. -Dave Barry': 1, 'The truth is always a trick to those who live among lies. -Author Unknown': 1, 'It is the dissimilarities and inequalities among men which give rise to the notion of honor; as such differences become less, it grows feeble; and when they disappear, it will vanish too. -Alexis de Tocqueville': 1, 'As Mankind becomes more liberal, they will be more apt to allow that all those who conduct themselves as worthy members of the community are equally entitled to the protections of civil government. I hope ever to see America among the foremost nations of justice and liberality. -George Washington': 1} 
madness {'It is the madness of folly, to expect mercy from those who have refused to do justice; and even mercy, where conquest is the object, is only a trick of war; the cunning of the fox is as murderous as the violence of the wolf. -Thomas Paine': 1} 
bob dylan {"Money doesn't talk, it swears. -Bob Dylan": 1} 
fulfills {"One of the great attractions of patriotism -- it fulfills our worst wishes. In the person of our nation we are able, vicariously, to bully and cheat. Bully and cheat, what's more, with a feeling that we are profoundly virtuous. -Aldous Huxley": 1} 
color {'America is not like a blanket: one piece of unbroken cloth, the same color, the same texture, the same size. America is more like a quilt: many patches, many pieces, many colors, many sizes, all woven and held together by a common thread. -Jesse Jackson': 1} 
period {"We seem to be going through a period of nostalgia, and everyone seems to think yesterday was better than today. I don't think it was, and I would advise you not to wait ten years before admitting today was great. If you're hung up on nostalgia, pretend today is yesterday and just go out and have one hell of a time. -Art Buchwald": 1, 'Trust the people. This is the one irrefutable lesson of the entire postwar period contradicting the notion that rigid government controls are essential to economic development. -Ronald Reagan': 1} 
inexplicable {'There is a theory which states that if ever anyone discovers exactly what the Universe is for and why it is here, it will instantly disappear and be replaced by something even more bizarre and inexplicable. There is another theory which states that this has already happened. -Douglas Adams': 1} 
resentment {'There is only one force of history that can break the reign of hatred and resentment, and expose the pretensions of tyrants, and reward the hopes of the decent and tolerant, and that is the force of human freedom. -George W. Bush': 1} 
satisfaction {'Satisfaction lies in the effort, not in the attainment. Full effort is full victory. -Mahatma Gandhi': 1, 'The surest way of spoiling a pleasure is to start examining your satisfaction. -C.S. Lewis': 1} 
slain {'He that fights and runs away, may turn and fight another day; but he that is in battle slain, will never rise to fight again. -Tacitus': 1} 
naughty {"Just because I look sexy on the cover of Rolling Stone doesn't mean I'm naughty. -Britney Spears": 1} 
stretched {'A mind that is stretched by a new experience can never go back to its old dimensions. -Oliver Wendell Holmes': 1} 
learning {'There are three ingredients in the good life: learning, earning and yearning. -Christopher Morley': 1, "Learning carries within itself certain dangers because out of necessity one has to learn from one's enemies. -Leon Trotsky": 1, 'There are no secrets to success. It is the result of preparation, hard work, and learning from failure. -Colin Powell': 1} 
groucho marx {"I've had a wonderful time, but this wasn't it. -Groucho Marx": 1, 'I would not join any club that would have someone like me for a member. -Groucho Marx': 1} 
liberal {'As Mankind becomes more liberal, they will be more apt to allow that all those who conduct themselves as worthy members of the community are equally entitled to the protections of civil government. I hope ever to see America among the foremost nations of justice and liberality. -George Washington': 1} 
bizarre {'There is a theory which states that if ever anyone discovers exactly what the Universe is for and why it is here, it will instantly disappear and be replaced by something even more bizarre and inexplicable. There is another theory which states that this has already happened. -Douglas Adams': 1} 
considers {'We know life is futile. A man who considers that his life is of very wonderful importance is awfully close to a padded cell. -Clarence Darrow': 1} 
gretzky {"I've got more trophies than Wayne Gretzky & The Pope combined! -Homer Simpson": 1} 
considering {"If a woman has to choose between catching a fly ball and saving an infant's life, she will choose to save the infant's life without even considering if there are men on base. -Dave Barry": 1} 
destroyed {'If the United Nations once admits that international disputes can be settled by using force, then we will have destroyed the foundation of the organization and our best hope of establishing a world order. -Dwight Eisenhower': 1} 
arts {'Karate is a form of marital arts in which people who have had years and years of training can, using only their hands and feet, make some of the worst movies in the history of the world. -Dave Barry': 1, 'Reason is experimental intelligence, conceived after the pattern of science, and used in the creation of social arts; it has something to do. It liberates man from the bondage of the past, due to ignorance and accident hardened into custom. It projects a better future and assists man in its realization. -John Dewey': 1, 'Let us not forget that the cultivation of the earth is the most important labor of man. When tillage begins, other arts will follow. The farmers, therefore, are the founders of civilization. -Daniel Webster': 1} 
franklin d. roosevelt {'A radical is a man with both feet firmly planted in the air. -Franklin D. Roosevelt': 1} 
cares {'Cast your cares on God; that anchor holds. -Frank Moore Colby': 1} 
informed {'The mind of the thoroughly well-informed man is a dreadful thing. It is like a bric-\xe0-brac shop, all monsters and dust, with everything priced above its proper value. -Oscar Wilde': 1} 
breath {'When an American says that he loves his country, he means not only that he loves the New England hills, the prairies glistening in the sun, the wide and rising plains, the great mountains, and the sea. He means that he loves an inner air, an inner light in which freedom lives and in which a man can draw the breath of self-respect. -Adlai Stevenson': 1, 'I thought it completely absurd to mention my name in the same breath as the Presidency. -Dwight Eisenhower': 1} 
punished {'That the innocent, though they may have some connexion or dependency upon the guilty (which, perhaps, they themselves cannot help), should not, upon that account, suffer or be punished for the guilty, is one of the plainest and most obvious rules of justice. -Adam Smith': 1} 
combined {"I've got more trophies than Wayne Gretzky & The Pope combined! -Homer Simpson": 1} 
peaceful {'Those who make peaceful revolution impossible will make violent revolution inevitable. -John F. Kennedy': 1} 
rush limbaugh {'The thing we all have to understand to put these last two years in focus, is that liberals in this country care more about whether European leaders like us than they do about whether terrorists are killing us. -Rush Limbaugh': 1, 'Feminism was established to allow unattractive women easier access to the mainstream. -Rush Limbaugh': 1} 
hardly {'There is hardly a political question in the United States which does not sooner or later turn into a judicial one. -Alexis de Tocqueville': 1, 'He who is of calm and happy nature will hardly feel the pressure of age, but to him who is of an opposite disposition youth and age are equally a burden. -Plato': 1} 
albert einstein {"The only reason for time is so that everything doesn't happen at once. -Albert Einstein": 1, 'To know what is impenetrable to us really exists, manifesting itself as the highest wisdom and the most radiant beauty...this knowledge, this feeling is at the center of true religiousness. -Albert Einstein': 1, 'The laws of gravity cannot be held responsible for people falling in love. -Albert Einstein': 1, 'Anyone who has never made a mistake has never tried anything new. -Albert Einstein': 1, 'Information is not knowledge. -Albert Einstein': 1, 'The difference between genius and stupidity is that genius has its limits. -Albert Einstein': 1, 'The significant problems we face cannot be solved at the same level of thinking we were at when we created them. -Albert Einstein': 1, 'I think and think for months and years, ninety-nine times, the conclusion is false. The hundredth time I am right. -Albert Einstein': 1, 'Science without religion is lame, religion without science is blind. -Albert Einstein': 1, 'We should take care not to make the intellect our god; it has, of course, powerful muscles, but no personality. -Albert Einstein': 1, 'The most incomprehensible thing about the world is that it is at all comprehensible. -Albert Einstein': 1} 
wants {'No man will make a great leader who wants to do it all himself or get all the credit for doing it. -Andrew Carnegie': 1, 'There is a great deal of difference between an eager man who wants to read a book and the tired man who wants a book to read. -GK Chesterton': 2, "Money never made a man happy yet, nor will it. There is nothing in its nature to produce happiness. The more a man has, the more he wants. Instead of its filling a vacuum, it makes one. If it satisfies one want, it doubles and trebles that want another way. That was a true proverb of the wise man, rely upon it; ''Better is little with the fear of the Lord, than great treasure, and trouble therewith. -Benjamin Franklin": 1} 
direction {'The direction in which education starts a man will determine his future life. -Plato': 1, 'The greatest thing in this world is not so much where we are, but in what direction we are moving. -Oliver Wendell Holmes': 1, "My life has no purpose, no direction, no aim, no meaning, and yet I'm happy. I can't figure it out. What am I doing right? -Charles Schulz": 1} 
enable {'The object of teaching a child is to enable him to get along without a teacher. -Elbert Hubbard': 1, 'It still remains true that no justification of virtue will enable a man to be virtuous. -C.S. Lewis': 1, 'In framing a government which is to be administered by men over men the great difficulty lies in this: You must first enable the government to control the governed, and in the next place, oblige it to control itself. -Alexander Hamilton': 1} 
actor's {"To grasp the full significance of life is the actor's duty, to interpret it is his problem and to express it his dedication. -Marlon Brando": 1} 
thousand {'Ten people who speak make more noise than ten thousand who are silent. -Napoleon Bonaparte': 1, 'For each illness that doctors cure with medicine, they provoke ten in healthy people by inoculating them with the virus that is a thousand times more powerful than any microbe: the idea that one is ill. -Marcel Proust': 1, 'There are a thousand hacking at the branches of evil to one who is striking at the root. -Henry Thoreau': 1, 'A journey of a thousand miles begins with a single step. -Confucius': 1} 
blessing {"Humor is mankind's greatest blessing. -Mark Twain": 1} 
ansel adams {"You don't take a photograph, you make it. -Ansel Adams": 1, 'Not everybody trusts paintings, but people believe photographs. -Ansel Adams': 1} 
tiger {'An oppressive government is more to be feared than a tiger. -Confucius': 1} 
george w. bush {"Some folks look at me and see a certain swagger, which in Texas is called 'walking.' -George W. Bush": 1, 'There is only one force of history that can break the reign of hatred and resentment, and expose the pretensions of tyrants, and reward the hopes of the decent and tolerant, and that is the force of human freedom. -George W. Bush': 1} 
fruits {'Are you entitled to the fruits of your labor or does government have some presumptive right to spend and spend and spend? -Ronald Reagan': 1} 
wake {'I wake each morning torn between the desire to improve the world and the desire to enjoy it. It makes it hard to plan the day. -E.B. White': 1, 'If my children wake up on Christmas morning and have someone to thank for putting candy in their stocking, have I no one to thank for putting two feet in mine? -GK Chesterton': 1} 
external {'Man was made for action, and to promote by the exertion of his faculties such changes in the external circumstances both of himself and others, as may seem most favourable to the happiness of all. -Adam Smith': 1} 
careful {"You got to be very careful if you don't know where you're going, because you might not get there. -Yogi Berra": 1, "A man can't be too careful in the choice of his enemies. -Oscar Wilde": 1} 
spirit {"The puritanism of Christianity has played havoc with the moderation that an enlightened and tolerant critical spirit would have produced. I've noticed that in whatever country, county, town, or other region there is a regulation enjoining temperance, the population seems to be entirely composed of teetotallers and drunkards. There's a Bible on that shelf there. But I keep it next to Voltaire - poison and antidote. -Bertrand Russell": 1, "Duties are not performed for duty's sake, but because their neglect would make the man uncomfortable. A man performs but one duty - the duty of contenting his spirit, the duty of making himself agreeable to himself. -Mark Twain": 1, 'I arrive at the end of this review having done my duty as a critic. I have described the movie accurately and you have a good idea what you are in for if you go to see it. Most of you will not. I cannot argue with you. Some of you will--the brave and the curious. You embody the spirit of the man who first wondered what it would taste like to eat an oyster. -Roger Ebert': 1} 
those {'As Mankind becomes more liberal, they will be more apt to allow that all those who conduct themselves as worthy members of the community are equally entitled to the protections of civil government. I hope ever to see America among the foremost nations of justice and liberality. -George Washington': 1, 'The truth is always a trick to those who live among lies. -Author Unknown': 1, 'It must be remembered that there is nothing more difficult to plan, more doubtful of success nor more dangerous to manage than the creation of a new system. For the initiator has the enmity of all who profit by the preservation of the old institution and merely lukewarm defenders in those who would gain by the new one. -Nicolo Machiavelli': 1, 'The power of accurate observation is commonly called cynicism by those who have not got it. -George Bernard Shaw': 1, 'If there is any principle of the Constitution that more imperatively calls for attachment than any other it is the principle of free thought, not free thought for those who agree with us but freedom for the thought that we hate. -Oliver Wendell Holmes': 1, 'Those who believe they are exclusively in the right are generally those who achieve something. -Aldous Huxley': 2, 'It is the madness of folly, to expect mercy from those who have refused to do justice; and even mercy, where conquest is the object, is only a trick of war; the cunning of the fox is as murderous as the violence of the wolf. -Thomas Paine': 1, 'Fear not those who argue but those who dodge. -Dale Carnegie': 2, 'Every gun that is made, every warship launched, every rocket fired, signifies in the final sense a theft from those who hunger and are not fed, those who are cold and are not clothed. -Dwight Eisenhower': 2, 'Those who bring sunshine to the lives of others, cannot keep it from themselves. -James Matthew Barrie': 1, 'Some of your countrymen were unable to distinguish between their native dislike for war and the stainless patriotism of those who suffered its scars. But there has been a rethinking and now we can say to you, and say as a nation, thank you for your courage. -Ronald Reagan': 1, 'Those whom the gods love grow young. -Oscar Wilde': 1, "Of all tyrannies, a tyranny exercised for the good of its victims may be the most oppressive. It may be better to live under robber barons than under omnipotent moral busybodies. The robber baron's cruelty may sometimes sleep, his cupidity may at some point be satiated; but those who torment us for our own good will torment us without end, for they do so with the approval of their own conscience. -C.S. Lewis": 1, "Those who are preoccupied with 'making a statement' usually don't have any statements worth making. -Thomas Sowell": 1, "No distance of place or lapse of time can lessen the friendship of those who are thoroughly persuaded of each other's worth. -Robert Southey": 1, "If your kid makes one of those little homemade guitars out of a cigar box and rubber bands, don't let him just play it once or twice and then throw it away. Make him practice on it, every day, for about three hours a day. Later, he'll thank you. -Jack Handey": 1, 'In any fairly large and talkative community such as a university there is always the danger that those who think alike should gravitate together where they will henceforth encounter opposition only in the emasculated form of rumour that the outsiders say thus and thus. The absent are easily refuted, complacent dogmatism thrives, and differences of opinion are embittered by the group hostility. Each group hears not the best, but the worst, that the other group can say. -C.S. Lewis': 1, 'There are perhaps no days of our childhood we lived so fully as those we spent with a favorite book. -Marcel Proust': 1, "I'm never going to be famous. My name will never be writ large on the roster of Those Who Do Things. I don't do any thing. Not one single thing. I used to bite my nails, but I don't even do that any more. -Dorothy Parker": 1, 'All men are timid on entering any fight. Whether it is the first or the last fight, all of us are timid. Cowards are those who let their timidity get the better of their manhood. -George Patton': 1, 'The time which we have at our disposal every day is elastic; the passions we feel expand it, those that we inspire contract it, and habit fills up what remains. -Marcel Proust': 1, 'If eighty percent of your sales come from twenty percent of all of your items, just carry those twenty percent. -Henry Kissinger': 1, 'No doubt those who really founded modern science were usually those whose love of truth exceeded their love of power. -C.S. Lewis': 2, 'Those who expect to reap the blessings of freedom must, like men, undergo the fatigue of supporting it. -Thomas Paine': 1, 'Those who make peaceful revolution impossible will make violent revolution inevitable. -John F. Kennedy': 1, 'Those who forget good and evil and seek only to know the facts are more likely to achieve good than those who view the world through the distorting medium of their own desires. -Bertrand Russell': 2} 
pilot {"The movie's director is the pilot. It's his vision. For an actor, the time to worry about flying is when you're on the ground. If you don't want to fly with the director, don't get on the plane. -Denzel Washington": 1} 
paying {"Be thankful we're not getting all the government we're paying for. -Will Rogers": 1, "It is a good idea to ''shop around'' before you settle on a doctor. Ask about the condition of his Mercedes. Ask about the competence of his mechanic. Don't be shy! After all, you're paying for it. -Dave Barry": 1} 
myself {'Alexander, Caesar, Charlemagne, and myself founded empires; but what foundation did we rest the creations of our genius? Upon force. Jesus Christ founded an empire upon love; and at this hour millions of men would die for Him. -Napoleon Bonaparte': 1, 'All men are frauds. The only difference between them is that some admit it. I myself deny it. -Henry Mencken': 1, 'Few people think more than two or three times a year. I have made an international reputation for myself by thinking once or twice a week. -George Bernard Shaw': 1} 
prehistoric {'Cooking was invented in prehistoric times, when a primitive tribe had a lucky accident. The tribe had killed an animal and was going to eat it raw, when a tribe member named Woog tripped and dropped it into the fire. At first the other tribe members were angry at Woog, but then, as the aroma of burning meat filled the air, they had an idea. So they ate Woog raw. -Dave Barry': 1} 
enfold {'He wrapped himself in quotations--as a beggar would enfold himself in the purple of Emperors. -Rudyard Kipling': 1} 
these {'If you have an apple and I have an apple and we exchange these apples then you and I will still each have one apple. But if you have an idea and I have an idea and we exchange these ideas, then each of us will have two ideas. -George Bernard Shaw': 2, 'To defend Western Europe we have to let the Pentagon buy all these tanks and guns and things, and the Pentagon is unable to buy any object that that costs less than a condominium in Vail. If the Pentagon needs, say, fruit, it will argue that it must have fruit that can withstand the rigors of combat conditions, and it will wind up purchasing the FX-700 Seedless Tactical Grape, which will cost $160,000 per bunch, and will have an 83 percent failure rate. -Dave Barry': 1, "What sunshine is to flowers, smiles are to humanity. These are but trifles, to be sure; but scattered along life's pathway, the good they do is inconceivable. -Joseph Addison": 1, "To me, it's always a good idea to always carry two sacks of something when you walk around. That way, if anybody says, 'Hey, can you give me a hand?,' you can say, 'Sorry, got these sacks.' -Jack Handey": 1, 'All human actions have one or more of these seven causes: chance, nature, compulsions, habit, reason, passion, desire. -Aristotle': 1, 'The thing we all have to understand to put these last two years in focus, is that liberals in this country care more about whether European leaders like us than they do about whether terrorists are killing us. -Rush Limbaugh': 1} 
worried {'It is only our bad temper that we put down to being tired or worried or hungry; we put our good temper down to ourselves. -C.S. Lewis': 1} 
cash {"Thus far, the reputed idiot Bush has graduated from Yale and Harvard, made a stack of cash in the oil industry, become the first consecutive-term governor of Texas, defeated a dual-term VP for the presidency, and led his party to [November 5th's] extraordinary triumphs. Let his opponents keep calling him stupid; if they do, within five years Bush will be King of England, the Pope, and world Formula One motor racing champion. -Tim Blair": 1} 
handicapped {'Genius may have its limitations, but stupidity is not thus handicapped. -Elbert Hubbard': 1} 
cast {'Cast your cares on God; that anchor holds. -Frank Moore Colby': 1} 
nicolo machiavelli {'It must be remembered that there is nothing more difficult to plan, more doubtful of success nor more dangerous to manage than the creation of a new system. For the initiator has the enmity of all who profit by the preservation of the old institution and merely lukewarm defenders in those who would gain by the new one. -Nicolo Machiavelli': 1, 'Rhis is to be asserted in general of men: that they are ungrateful, fickle, false, cowardly, covetous, and as long as you succeed, are yours entirely; they will offer you their blood, property, life, and children...when the need is far distant; but when it approaches, they will turn against you. -Nicolo Machiavelli': 1, 'Rome remained free for four hundred years and Sparta eight hundred, although their citizens were armed all that time; but many other states that have been disarmed have lost their liberties in less than forty years. -Nicolo Machiavelli': 1, 'It is better to be bold than too circumspect, because fortune is of a sex which likes not a tardy wooer and repulses all who are not ardent. -Nicolo Machiavelli': 1, 'Government consists in nothing else but so controlling subjects that they shall neither be able to, nor have cause to do it harm. -Nicolo Machiavelli': 1} 
pizza {'Without question, the greatest invention in the history of mankind is beer. Oh, I grant you that the wheel was also a fine invention, but the wheel does not go nearly as well with pizza. -Dave Barry': 1} 
shall {'The cost of freedom is always high, but Americans have always paid it. And one path we shall never choose, and that is the path of surrender, or submission. -John F. Kennedy': 1, 'If we will be quiet and ready enough, we shall find compensation in every disappointment. -Henry Thoreau': 1, 'If we command our wealth, we shall be rich and free; if our wealth commands us, we are poor indeed. -Edmund Burke': 1, 'Government consists in nothing else but so controlling subjects that they shall neither be able to, nor have cause to do it harm. -Nicolo Machiavelli': 1} 
studliest {"The function of RAM is to give us guys a way of deciding whose computer has the biggest, studliest, most tumescent MEMORY. This is important, because with today's complex software, the more memory a computer has, the faster it can produce error messages. So the bottom line is, if you're a guy, you cannot have enough RAM. -Dave Barry": 1} 
person's {"It is a scientific fact that your body will not absorb cholesterol if you take it from another person's plate. -Dave Barry": 1} 
leon trotsky {"Learning carries within itself certain dangers because out of necessity one has to learn from one's enemies. -Leon Trotsky": 1} 
eventually {'A few hours of mountain climbing turn a villain and a saint into two rather equal creature. Exhaustion is the shortest way to equality and fraternity, and liberty is added eventually by sleep. -Friedrich Nietzsche': 1} 
servant {'Government is not reason; it is not eloquent; it is force. Like fire, it is a dangerous servant and a fearful master. -George Washington': 1} 
metric {'Thus the metric system did not really catch on in the States, unless you count the increasing popularity of the nine-millimeter bullet. -Dave Barry': 1} 
telephone {'Experts tell us that if the Millennium Bug is not fixed, when the year 2000 arrives, our financial records will be inaccurate, our telephone system will be unreliable, our government will be paralyzed and airline flights will be canceled without warning. In other words, things will be pretty much the same as they are now. -Dave Barry': 1} 
sleeping {'The sleeping fox catches no poultry. -Benjamin Franklin': 1, 'I have never taken any exercise except sleeping and resting. -Mark Twain': 1} 
middle {"I'm a middle age white guy, which means I'm constantly reminded that my particular group is responsible for the oppression of every known minority PLUS most wars PLUS government corruption PLUS pollution of the environment, not to mention that it was middle-age white guys who killed Bambi's mom. -Dave Barry": 2, "Middle age is when you've met so many people that every new person you meet reminds you of someone else. -Ogden Nash": 1} 
someone {"Middle age is when you've met so many people that every new person you meet reminds you of someone else. -Ogden Nash": 1, 'It takes a lot of courage to show your dreams to someone else. -Erna Bombeck': 1, "Cocaine is God's way of telling someone that they're too rich. -Robin Williams": 1, "Having someone wonder where you are when you don't come home at night is a very old human need. -Margaret Mead": 1, 'I would not join any club that would have someone like me for a member. -Groucho Marx': 1, "A 'geek' by definition is someone who eats live animals....I've never eaten live animals. -Crispin Glover": 1, 'If my children wake up on Christmas morning and have someone to thank for putting candy in their stocking, have I no one to thank for putting two feet in mine? -GK Chesterton': 1} 
converts {'Time makes more converts than reason. -Thomas Paine': 1} 
goldie {'Goldie and I did have a car stolen right out of our yard. It took us three days to notice. -Kurt Russell': 1} 
return {'Once you have flown, you will walk the earth with your eyes turned skywards, for there you have been, and there you long to return. -Leonardo da Vinci': 1, 'To you taxpayers out there, let me say this: Make sure you file your tax return on time! And remember that, even though income taxes can be a \x93pain in the neck,\x94 the folks at the IRS are regular people just like you, except that they can destroy your life. -Dave Barry': 1} 
technology {'Humanity is acquiring all the right technology for all the wrong reasons. -Buckminster Fuller': 1} 
fame {'Fame is a fickle food upon a shifting plate. -Emily Dickinson': 1, 'Do good by stealth, and blush to find it fame. -Alexander Pope': 1, 'Andy Warhol made fame more famous. -Fran Lebowitz': 1} 
worry {"The movie's director is the pilot. It's his vision. For an actor, the time to worry about flying is when you're on the ground. If you don't want to fly with the director, don't get on the plane. -Denzel Washington": 1, 'Worry is interest paid on trouble before it falls due. -W. R. Inge': 1, "Don't worry about the world coming to an end today. It's already tomorrow in Australia. -Charles Schulz": 1} 
different {'No human relation gives one possession in another...every two souls are absolutely different. In friendship and in love, the two side by side raise hands together to find what one cannot reach alone. -Kahlil Gibran': 1, 'Every difference of opinion is not a difference of principle. We have called by different names brethren of the same principle. -Thomas Jefferson': 1} 
doctor {"It is a good idea to ''shop around'' before you settle on a doctor. Ask about the condition of his Mercedes. Ask about the competence of his mechanic. Don't be shy! After all, you're paying for it. -Dave Barry": 1} 
pay {'People will pay more to be entertained than educated. -Johnny Carson': 1, 'A government which robs Peter to pay Paul can always depend on the support of Paul. -George Bernard Shaw': 1} 
postwar {'Trust the people. This is the one irrefutable lesson of the entire postwar period contradicting the notion that rigid government controls are essential to economic development. -Ronald Reagan': 1} 
reminded {"I'm a middle age white guy, which means I'm constantly reminded that my particular group is responsible for the oppression of every known minority PLUS most wars PLUS government corruption PLUS pollution of the environment, not to mention that it was middle-age white guys who killed Bambi's mom. -Dave Barry": 1} 
same {'Everything is simpler than you think and at the same time more complex than you imagine. -Johann Wolfgang von Goethe': 1, 'Back in the old days, most families were close-knit. Grown children and their parents continued to live together, under the same roof, sometimes in the same small, crowded room, year in and year out, until they died, frequently by strangulation. -Dave Barry': 2, 'Every difference of opinion is not a difference of principle. We have called by different names brethren of the same principle. -Thomas Jefferson': 1, 'Success does not consist in never making mistakes but in never making the same one a second time. -George Bernard Shaw': 1, 'Of course the people dont want war...that is understood. But voice or no voice, the people can always be brought to the bidding of the leaders. That is easy. All you have to do is tell them they are being attacked, and denounce the pacifists for lack of patriotism and exposing the country to danger. It works the same in any country. -Hermann Goering': 1, 'I thought it completely absurd to mention my name in the same breath as the Presidency. -Dwight Eisenhower': 1, "We all wish to be judged by our peers, by the men 'after our own heart.' Only they really know our mind and only they judge it by standards we fully acknowledge. Theirs is the praise we really covet and the blame we really dread. The little pockets of early Chrstians survived because they cared exclusively for the love of 'the bretheren' and stopped their ears to the opinion of the Pagan society around them. But a circle of criminals, cranks, or perverts survives in just the same way; by becoming deaf to the opinion of the outer world, by discounting it as the chatter of outsiders who 'don't understand,' of the 'conventional,' the 'bourgeois,' the 'Establishment,' of prigs, prudes, and humbugs. -C.S. Lewis": 1, 'What is the most important for democracy is not that great fortunes should not exist, but that great fortunes should not remain in the same hands. In that way there are rich men, but they do not form a class. -Alexis de Tocqueville': 1, 'Man [has] always assumed that he was more intelligent than dolphins because he had achieved so much-the wheel, New York, wars and so on-while all the dolphins had ever done was muck about in the water having a good time. But conversely, the dolphins had always believed that they were far more intelligent than man-for precisely the same reason. -Douglas Adams': 1, 'The significant problems we face cannot be solved at the same level of thinking we were at when we created them. -Albert Einstein': 1, 'Television is a medium of entertainment which permits millions of people to listen to the same joke at the same time, and yet remain lonesome. -T.S. Eliot': 2, 'A successful marriage requires falling in love many times, always with the same person. -Germaine Greer': 1, 'It is a grand mistake to think of being great without goodness and I pronounce it as certain that there was never a truly great man that was not at the same time truly virtuous. -Benjamin Franklin': 1, 'Experts tell us that if the Millennium Bug is not fixed, when the year 2000 arrives, our financial records will be inaccurate, our telephone system will be unreliable, our government will be paralyzed and airline flights will be canceled without warning. In other words, things will be pretty much the same as they are now. -Dave Barry': 1, 'America is not like a blanket: one piece of unbroken cloth, the same color, the same texture, the same size. America is more like a quilt: many patches, many pieces, many colors, many sizes, all woven and held together by a common thread. -Jesse Jackson': 3, 'That is the true season of love, when we believe that we alone can love, that no one could ever have loved so before us, and that no one will love in the same way after us. -Johann Wolfgang von Goethe': 1} 
theodor seuss geisel {"How did it get so late so soon? It's night before it's afternoon. December is here before it's June. My goodness how the time has flewn. How did it get so late so soon? -Theodor Seuss Geisel": 1} 
nicety {'Such is the delicacy of man alone, that no object is produced to his liking. He finds that in everything there is need for improvement. The whole industry of human life is employed not in procuring the supply of our three humble necessities, food, clothes and lodging, but in procuring the conveniences of it according to the nicety and delicacy of our tastes. -Adam Smith': 1} 
climber {'Enthusiasm is the great hill-climber. -Elbert Hubbard': 1} 
followers {'Humility must always be the portion of any man who receives acclaim earned in blood of his followers and sacrifices of his friends. -Dwight Eisenhower': 1} 
lovers {'Film lovers are sick people. -Francois Truffaut': 1} 
preconceptions {'Experience proves this, or that, or nothing, according to the preconceptions we bring to it. -C.S. Lewis': 1} 
struggling {'Many who seem to be struggling with adversity are happy; many, amid great affluence, are utterly miserable. -Tacitus': 1} 
it's {"It's not how much we give but how much love we put into giving. -Mother Teresa": 1, "To me, it's always a good idea to always carry two sacks of something when you walk around. That way, if anybody says, 'Hey, can you give me a hand?,' you can say, 'Sorry, got these sacks.' -Jack Handey": 1, "When you stop giving and offering something to the rest of the world, it's time to turn out the lights. -George Burns": 1, "It ain't what you don't know that gets you into trouble. It's what you know for sure that just ain't so. -Mark Twain": 1, "You should do your own car repairs. It's an easy way to save money and possibly maim yourself for life. -Dave Barry": 1, "It ain't over till it's over. -Yogi Berra": 1, "When we're unemployed, we're called lazy; when the whites are unemployed it's called a depression. -Jesse Jackson": 1, "The practice of art isn't to make a living. It's to make your soul grow. -Kurt Vonnegut": 1, "It's not how old you are, it's how hard you work at it. -Jonah Barrington": 2, "I love Thanksgiving. It's the only time in Los Angeles that you see natural breasts. -Arnold Schwarzenegger": 1, "The statistics on sanity are that one out of every four Americans are suffering from some form of mental illness. Think of your three best friends. If they're okay, then it's you. -Rita Mae Brown": 1, "Don't worry about the world coming to an end today. It's already tomorrow in Australia. -Charles Schulz": 1, "No matter what they're charging to get in, it's worth more to get out. -Roger Ebert": 1, "The nice thing about being a celebrity is that, if you bore people, they think it's their fault. -Henry Kissinger": 1, "Don't let people drive you crazy when you know it's in walking distance. -Author Unknown": 1, "How did it get so late so soon? It's night before it's afternoon. December is here before it's June. My goodness how the time has flewn. How did it get so late so soon? -Theodor Seuss Geisel": 3, "The movie's director is the pilot. It's his vision. For an actor, the time to worry about flying is when you're on the ground. If you don't want to fly with the director, don't get on the plane. -Denzel Washington": 1, "I paid too much for it, but it's worth it. -Samuel Goldwyn": 1, "There are some who've forgotten why we have a military. It's not to promote war; it's to be prepared for peace. -Ronald Reagan": 2, "If you're afraid to ask the question, it's probably because you already know the answer. -Miriam M. Wynn": 1, "Life is not a support system for art. It's the other way around. -Stephen King": 1, "Sex without love is a meaningless experience, but as far as meaningless experiences go, it's pretty damn good. -Woody Allen": 1, "I think it's the duty of the comedian to find out where the line is drawn and cross it deliberately. -George Carlin": 1} 
week {'Few people think more than two or three times a year. I have made an international reputation for myself by thinking once or twice a week. -George Bernard Shaw': 1, 'When you work seven days a week, fourteen hours a day, you get lucky. -Armand Hammer': 1} 
noble {'Nothing noble is done without risk. -Andr\xe9 Gide': 1} 
oil {"Thus far, the reputed idiot Bush has graduated from Yale and Harvard, made a stack of cash in the oil industry, become the first consecutive-term governor of Texas, defeated a dual-term VP for the presidency, and led his party to [November 5th's] extraordinary triumphs. Let his opponents keep calling him stupid; if they do, within five years Bush will be King of England, the Pope, and world Formula One motor racing champion. -Tim Blair": 1, 'My formula for success is rise early, work late, and strike oil. -Paul Getty': 1} 
driver {'Everyone is in awe of the lion tamer in a cage with half a dozen lions -- everyone but a school bus driver. -Laurence Peter': 1} 
drives {'Laughter is the sun that drives winter from the human face. -Victor Hugo': 1} 
companion {'Patience is the companion of wisdom. -Saint Augustine': 1} 
producers {"Playwriting gets into your blood and you can't stop it. At least, not until the producers or the public tell you to. -T.S. Eliot": 1} 
blaise pascal {'I made this letter longer than usual because I lack the time to make it short. -Blaise Pascal': 1, 'The heart has its reasons, of which the mind knows nothing. -Blaise Pascal': 1, 'The last thing one discovers in composing a work is what to put first. -Blaise Pascal': 1} 
fruit {'Love is a fruit in season at all times, and within reach of every hand. -Mother Teresa': 1, 'The fruit that can fall without shaking, indeed is too mellow for me. -Lady Mary Wortley Montagu': 1, 'Without courage, wisdom bears no fruit. -Baltasar Gracian': 1, 'To defend Western Europe we have to let the Pentagon buy all these tanks and guns and things, and the Pentagon is unable to buy any object that that costs less than a condominium in Vail. If the Pentagon needs, say, fruit, it will argue that it must have fruit that can withstand the rigors of combat conditions, and it will wind up purchasing the FX-700 Seedless Tactical Grape, which will cost $160,000 per bunch, and will have an 83 percent failure rate. -Dave Barry': 2} 
climbing {'A few hours of mountain climbing turn a villain and a saint into two rather equal creature. Exhaustion is the shortest way to equality and fraternity, and liberty is added eventually by sleep. -Friedrich Nietzsche': 1} 
totally {"The only kind of seafood I trust is the fish stick, a totally featureless fish that doesn't have eyeballs or fins. -Dave Barry": 1} 
tradition {'In the Orthodox spiritual tradition, the ultimate moral question we ask is the following: Is what we are doing, is what I am doing, beautiful or not? -Carolyn Gifford': 1} 
mentally {'I believe one of the reasons so many do not get a higher education is the fear of their parents that they will lose more morally than they will receive mentally. -William Jennings Bryan': 1} 
bondage {'Reason is experimental intelligence, conceived after the pattern of science, and used in the creation of social arts; it has something to do. It liberates man from the bondage of the past, due to ignorance and accident hardened into custom. It projects a better future and assists man in its realization. -John Dewey': 1} 
pennsylvania {'From the prodigious hilltops of New Hampshire, let freedom ring. From the mighty mountains of New York, let freedom ring. From the heightening Alleghenies of Pennsylvania, let freedom ring. But not only that: Let freedom ring from every hill and molehill of Mississippi. -Martin Luther King Jr.': 1} 
floor {"Speeches are for the younger men who are going places. And I'm not going anyplace except six feet under the floor of that little chapel adjoining the museum and library at Abilene. -Dwight Eisenhower": 1} 
eureka {"The most exciting phrase to hear in science, the one that heralds new discoveries, is not 'Eureka!' (I found it!) but 'That's funny...' -Isaac Asimov": 1} 
commonest {'The commonest thing is delightful if only one hides it. -Oscar Wilde': 1} 
costs {'Idealism is fine, but as it approaches reality, the costs become prohibitive. -William F. Buckley': 1, 'There is no glory in battle worth the blood it costs. -Dwight Eisenhower': 1, 'To defend Western Europe we have to let the Pentagon buy all these tanks and guns and things, and the Pentagon is unable to buy any object that that costs less than a condominium in Vail. If the Pentagon needs, say, fruit, it will argue that it must have fruit that can withstand the rigors of combat conditions, and it will wind up purchasing the FX-700 Seedless Tactical Grape, which will cost $160,000 per bunch, and will have an 83 percent failure rate. -Dave Barry': 1} 
solve {'No easy problem ever comes to the President of the United States. If they are easy to solve, somebody else has solved them. -John F. Kennedy': 1} 
can't {"I know God will not give me anything I can't handle. I just wish that He didn't trust me so much. -Mother Teresa": 1, "Playwriting gets into your blood and you can't stop it. At least, not until the producers or the public tell you to. -T.S. Eliot": 1, "You can't depend on your eyes when your imagination is out of focus. -Mark Twain": 1, "A man can't be too careful in the choice of his enemies. -Oscar Wilde": 1, "You can't build a reputation on what you are going to do. -Henry Ford": 1, "You can't teach an old dogma new tricks. -Dorothy Parker": 1, "When I see a play and understand it the first time, then I know it can't be much good. -T.S. Eliot": 1, "My life has no purpose, no direction, no aim, no meaning, and yet I'm happy. I can't figure it out. What am I doing right? -Charles Schulz": 1, "If you can't convince them, confuse them. -Harry Truman": 1} 
reward {'There is only one force of history that can break the reign of hatred and resentment, and expose the pretensions of tyrants, and reward the hopes of the decent and tolerant, and that is the force of human freedom. -George W. Bush': 1, 'Peace is its own reward. -Mahatma Gandhi': 1} 
bodies {'Friendship is a single soul dwelling in two bodies. -Aristotle': 1, 'When we die, our bodies are buried. When we live, our souls are buried. -Jason Mechalek': 1, 'Eros will have naked bodies; Friendship naked personalities. -C.S. Lewis': 1} 
john updike {'We do survive every moment, after all, except the last one. -John Updike': 1} 
gates {'Love is the master key which opens the gates of happiness. -Oliver Wendell Holmes': 1} 
monet {"When this girl at the museum asked me who I liked better, Monet or Manet, I said, 'I like mayonnaise.' She just stared at me, so I said it again, louder. Then she left. I guess she went to try to find some mayonnaise for me. -Jack Handey": 1} 
samuel johnson {'No man but a blockhead ever wrote, except for money. -Samuel Johnson': 1, 'Love is the wisdom of the fool and the folly of the wise. -Samuel Johnson': 1} 
being {'There is only one rule for being a good talker - learn to listen. -Christopher Morley': 1, "I told my psychiatrist that everyone hates me. He said I was being ridiculous - everyone hasn't met me yet. -Rodney Dangerfield": 1, 'The art of being happy lies in the power of extracting happiness from common things. -Henry Ward Beecher': 1, 'I could not handle being a woman, I would stay home all day and play with my breasts. -Steve Martin': 1, 'Being born is like being kidnapped. And then sold into slavery. -Andy Warhol': 2, 'Being is desirable because it is identical with Beauty, and Beauty is loved because it is Being. We ourselves possess Beauty when we are true to our own being; ugliness is in going over to another order; knowing ourselves, we are beautiful; in self-ignorance, we are ugly. -Ambrose Bierce': 3, 'Of course the people dont want war...that is understood. But voice or no voice, the people can always be brought to the bidding of the leaders. That is easy. All you have to do is tell them they are being attacked, and denounce the pacifists for lack of patriotism and exposing the country to danger. It works the same in any country. -Hermann Goering': 1, 'It is a grand mistake to think of being great without goodness and I pronounce it as certain that there was never a truly great man that was not at the same time truly virtuous. -Benjamin Franklin': 1, 'It is only our bad temper that we put down to being tired or worried or hungry; we put our good temper down to ourselves. -C.S. Lewis': 1, 'Christmas can be celebrated in the school room with pine trees, tinsel and reindeers, but there must be no mention of the man whose birthday is being celebrated. One wonders how a teacher would answer if a student asked why it was called Christmas. -Ronald Reagan': 1, "Being president is like being a jackass in a hailstorm. There's nothing to do but stand there and take it. -Lyndon B. Johnson": 2, "Being a leader is like being a lady, if you have to go around telling people you are one, you aren't. -Margaret Thatcher": 2, 'The best way to win an argument is to begin by being right. -Jill Ruckleshaus': 1, "The nice thing about being a celebrity is that, if you bore people, they think it's their fault. -Henry Kissinger": 1, 'On account of being a democracy and run by the people, we are the only nation in the world that has to keep a government four years, no matter what it does. -Will Rogers': 1, 'The good thing about being bisexual is that it doubles your chance of a date on a Saturday night. -Woody Allen': 1, 'The thought of being president frightens me. I do not think I want the job. -Ronald Reagan': 1, 'I like television. I still believe that television is the most powerful form of communication on Earth -- I just hate what is being done with it. -Alton Brown': 1, "Talent alone won't make you a success. Neither will being in the right place at the right time, unless you are ready. The most important question is: 'Are you ready?' -Johnny Carson": 1, 'From kindergarten to graduation, I went to public schools, and I know that they are a key to being sure that every child has a chance to succeed and to rise in the world. -Dick Cheney': 1, 'Egalitarians create the most dangerous inequality of all -- inequality of power. Allowing politicians to determine what all other human beings will be allowed to earn is one of the most reckless gambles imaginable. Like the income tax, it may start off being applied only to the rich but it will inevitably reach us all. -Thomas Sowell': 1} 
money {"You should do your own car repairs. It's an easy way to save money and possibly maim yourself for life. -Dave Barry": 1, "Money doesn't talk, it swears. -Bob Dylan": 1, 'No man but a blockhead ever wrote, except for money. -Samuel Johnson': 1, "Money never made a man happy yet, nor will it. There is nothing in its nature to produce happiness. The more a man has, the more he wants. Instead of its filling a vacuum, it makes one. If it satisfies one want, it doubles and trebles that want another way. That was a true proverb of the wise man, rely upon it; ''Better is little with the fear of the Lord, than great treasure, and trouble therewith. -Benjamin Franklin": 1, 'Money can help you to get medicines but not health. Money can help you to get soft pillows, but not sound sleep. Money can help you to get material comforts, but not eternal bliss. Money can help you to get ornaments, but not beauty. Money will help you to get an electric earphone, but not natural hearing. Attain the supreme wealth, wisdom, and you will have everything. -Benjamin Franklin': 5, 'This will never be a civilized country until we expend more money for books than we do for chewing gum. -Elbert Hubbard': 1, 'Politics has got so expensive that it takes lots of money to even get beat with. -Will Rogers': 1} 
unconstitutional {'The illegal we do immediately. The unconstitutional takes a little longer. -Henry Kissinger': 1} 
valuable {'New knowledge is the most valuable commodity on earth. The more truth we have to work with, the richer we become. -Kurt Vonnegut': 1} 
violent {'Those who make peaceful revolution impossible will make violent revolution inevitable. -John F. Kennedy': 1} 
cease {'Facts do not cease to exist because they are ignored. -Aldous Huxley': 1, 'Life does not cease to be funny when people die any more than it ceases to be serious when people laugh. -George Bernard Shaw': 1} 
summed {'All virtue is summed up in dealing justly. -Aristotle': 1} 
touch {"If you're in a boxing match, try not to let the other guy's glove touch your lips, because you don't know where that glove has been. -Jack Handey": 1} 
reality {'Idealism is fine, but as it approaches reality, the costs become prohibitive. -William F. Buckley': 1, 'Whatever affects one directly, affects all indirectly. I can never be what I ought to be until you are what you ought to be. This is the interrelated structure of reality. -Martin Luther King Jr.': 1, "Reality is that which, when you stop believing in it, doesn't go away. -Phillip K. Dick": 1, "Science is not about building a body of known 'facts'. It is a method for asking awkward questions and subjecting them to a reality-check, thus avoiding the human tendency to believe whatever makes us feel good. -Terry Pratchett": 1} 
blow {'When nothing seems to help, I go and look at a stonecutter hammering away at his rock perhaps a hundred times without as much as a crack showing in it. Yet at the hundred and first blow it will split in two, and I know it was not that blow that did it, but all that had gone before. -Jacob August Riis': 2} 
john whorfin {'Character is what you are in the dark. -John Whorfin': 1} 
death {"It is impossible to experience one's death objectively and still carry a tune. -Woody Allen": 1, 'On the plus side, death is one of the few things that can be done just as easily lying down. -Woody Allen': 1, 'The difference between sex and death is that with death you can do it alone and no one is going to make fun of you. -Woody Allen': 2, 'When the human race has once acquired a supersitition nothing short of death is ever likely to remove it. -Mark Twain': 1, 'Death and life have their determined appointments; riches and honors depend upon heaven. -Confucius': 1, "'Tis the business of little minds to shrink, but he whose heart is firm, and whose conscience approves his conduct, will pursue his principles unto death. -Thomas Paine": 1, 'The leading cause of death among fashion models is falling through street grates. -Dave Barry': 1, 'Death is psychologically as important as birth. Shrinking away from it is something unhealthy and abnormal which robs the second half of life of its purpose. -Carl Jung': 1, 'Cowards die many times before their deaths. The valiant never taste of death but once. -William Shakespeare': 1, 'A single death is a tragedy; a million deaths is a statistic. -Joseph Stalin': 1, 'Must not all things at the last be swallowed up in death? -Plato': 1} 
deceiving {'Through pride we are ever deceiving ourselves. But deep down below the surface of the average conscience a still, small voice says to us, something is out of tune. -Carl Jung': 1} 
thinking {'There is wishful thinking in Hell as well as on Earth. -C.S. Lewis': 1, 'The greatness of our country has been based on our thinking that everyone has a right even to be wrong. -Ronald Reagan': 1, 'Few people think more than two or three times a year. I have made an international reputation for myself by thinking once or twice a week. -George Bernard Shaw': 1, 'Too many poets delude themselves by thinking that the mind is dangerous and must be left out. Well, the mind is dangerous and must be left in. -Robert Frost': 1, 'Thinking is the hardest work there is, which is the probable reason why so few engage in it. -Henry Ford': 1, 'The significant problems we face cannot be solved at the same level of thinking we were at when we created them. -Albert Einstein': 1, 'Take time to deliberate, but when the time for action has arrived, stop thinking and go in. -Napoleon Bonaparte': 1} 
rose {"Is there anything more beautiful than a beautiful, beautiful flamingo, flying across in front of a beautiful sunset? And he's carrying a beautiful rose in his beak, and also he's carrying a very beautiful painting with his feet. And also, you're drunk. -Jack Handey": 1, 'How did it happen that their lips came together? How does it happen that birds sing, that snow melts, that the rose unfolds, that the dawn whitens behind the stark shapes of trees on the quivering summit of the hill? A kiss, and all was said. -Victor Hugo': 1} 
billy graham {'There is no joy in life like the joy of sharing. -Billy Graham': 1} 
seems {"We seem to be going through a period of nostalgia, and everyone seems to think yesterday was better than today. I don't think it was, and I would advise you not to wait ten years before admitting today was great. If you're hung up on nostalgia, pretend today is yesterday and just go out and have one hell of a time. -Art Buchwald": 1, "The puritanism of Christianity has played havoc with the moderation that an enlightened and tolerant critical spirit would have produced. I've noticed that in whatever country, county, town, or other region there is a regulation enjoining temperance, the population seems to be entirely composed of teetotallers and drunkards. There's a Bible on that shelf there. But I keep it next to Voltaire - poison and antidote. -Bertrand Russell": 1, "If everything seems under control, you're just not going fast enough. -Mario Andretti": 1, 'It is astonishing what an effort it seems to be for many people to put their brains definitely and systematically to work. -Thomas Edison': 1, 'When nothing seems to help, I go and look at a stonecutter hammering away at his rock perhaps a hundred times without as much as a crack showing in it. Yet at the hundred and first blow it will split in two, and I know it was not that blow that did it, but all that had gone before. -Jacob August Riis': 1} 
except {'Everything except God has some natural superior; everything except unformed matter has some natural inferior. -C.S. Lewis': 2, 'We do survive every moment, after all, except the last one. -John Updike': 1, 'I have never taken any exercise except sleeping and resting. -Mark Twain': 1, 'Humility is the foundation of all the other virtues hence, in the soul in which this virtue does not exist there cannot be any other virtue except in mere appearance. -Saint Augustine': 1, 'Take everything you like seriously, except yourselves. -Rudyard Kipling': 1, 'Never give in--never, never, never, never, in nothing great or small, large or petty, never give in except to convictions of honour and good sense. Never yield to force; never yield to the apparently overwhelming might of the enemy. -Winston Churchill': 1, 'The public is wonderfully tolerant. It forgives everything except genius. -Oscar Wilde': 1, 'No man but a blockhead ever wrote, except for money. -Samuel Johnson': 1, "Speeches are for the younger men who are going places. And I'm not going anyplace except six feet under the floor of that little chapel adjoining the museum and library at Abilene. -Dwight Eisenhower": 1, 'To you taxpayers out there, let me say this: Make sure you file your tax return on time! And remember that, even though income taxes can be a \x93pain in the neck,\x94 the folks at the IRS are regular people just like you, except that they can destroy your life. -Dave Barry': 1} 
margaret mead {"Having someone wonder where you are when you don't come home at night is a very old human need. -Margaret Mead": 1, 'Men have always been afraid that women could get along without them. -Margaret Mead': 1} 
instrument {'The intellect is not a serious thing, and never has been. It is an instrument on which one plays, that is all. -Oscar Wilde': 1} 
verse {'Chicago sounds rough to the maker of verse. One comfort we have: Cincinnati sounds worse. -Oliver Wendell Holmes': 1} 
setting {'You are young, my son, and, as the years go by, time will change and even reverse many of your present opinions. Refrain therefore awhile from setting yourself up as a judge of the highest matters. -Plato': 1} 
pile {'Science is facts; just as houses are made of stones, so is science made of facts; but a pile of stones is not a house and a collection of facts is not necessarily science. -Henri Poincare': 1} 
feminism {'Feminism was established to allow unattractive women easier access to the mainstream. -Rush Limbaugh': 1} 
real {'A typical vice of American politics is the avoidance of saying anything real on real issues. -Theodore Roosevelt': 2, 'Success, the real success, does not depend upon the position you hold but upon how you carry yourself in that position. -Theodore Roosevelt': 1, 'Philosophy is to the real world as masturbation is to sex. -Karl Marx': 1, 'The mintage of wisdom is to know that rest is rust, and that real life is in love, laughter, and work. -Elbert Hubbard': 1, 'Poetry is the art of creating imaginary gardens with real toads. -Marianne Moore': 1, 'I never knew what real happiness was until I got married, and by then it was too late. -Max Kaufman': 1, 'America did not invent human rights. In a very real sense...human rights invented America. -Jimmy Carter': 1} 
around {"Don't go around saying the world owes you a living. The world owes you nothing. It was here first. -Mark Twain": 1, "To me, it's always a good idea to always carry two sacks of something when you walk around. That way, if anybody says, 'Hey, can you give me a hand?,' you can say, 'Sorry, got these sacks.' -Jack Handey": 1, 'It takes a long time to turn a big country around. -Bill Clinton': 1, 'To assert that the earth revolves around the sun is as erroneous as to claim that Jesus was not born of a virgin. -Cardinal Bellarmine': 1, "It is a good idea to ''shop around'' before you settle on a doctor. Ask about the condition of his Mercedes. Ask about the competence of his mechanic. Don't be shy! After all, you're paying for it. -Dave Barry": 1, "We all wish to be judged by our peers, by the men 'after our own heart.' Only they really know our mind and only they judge it by standards we fully acknowledge. Theirs is the praise we really covet and the blame we really dread. The little pockets of early Chrstians survived because they cared exclusively for the love of 'the bretheren' and stopped their ears to the opinion of the Pagan society around them. But a circle of criminals, cranks, or perverts survives in just the same way; by becoming deaf to the opinion of the outer world, by discounting it as the chatter of outsiders who 'don't understand,' of the 'conventional,' the 'bourgeois,' the 'Establishment,' of prigs, prudes, and humbugs. -C.S. Lewis": 1, "Being a leader is like being a lady, if you have to go around telling people you are one, you aren't. -Margaret Thatcher": 1, "Life is not a support system for art. It's the other way around. -Stephen King": 1, 'True wisdom comes to each of us when we realize how little we understand about life, ourselves, and the world around us. -Socrates': 1} 
kills {'Time is a great teacher, but unfortunately it kills all its pupils. -Louis Hector Berlioz': 1} 
read {'A truly great book should be read in youth, again in maturity and once more in old age, as a fine building should be seen by morning light, at noon and by moonlight. -Robertson Davies': 1, 'The man who does not read good books has no advantage over the man who cannot read them. -Mark Twain': 2, 'Nothing before had ever made me thoroughly realise, though I had read various scientific books, that science consists in grouping facts so that general laws or conclusions may be drawn from them. -Charles Darwin': 1, 'I am Envy. I cannot read and therefore wish all books burned. -Christopher Marlowe': 1, 'There is a great deal of difference between an eager man who wants to read a book and the tired man who wants a book to read. -GK Chesterton': 2} 
c.s. lewis {'There is wishful thinking in Hell as well as on Earth. -C.S. Lewis': 1, 'This moment contains all moments. -C.S. Lewis': 1, 'Of all bad men religious bad men are the worst. -C.S. Lewis': 1, 'Everything except God has some natural superior; everything except unformed matter has some natural inferior. -C.S. Lewis': 1, 'Eros will have naked bodies; Friendship naked personalities. -C.S. Lewis': 1, 'You are never too old to set another goal or to dream a new dream. -C.S. Lewis': 1, 'I do not believe one can settle how much we ought to give. I am afraid the only safe rule is to give more than we can spare. -C.S. Lewis': 1, 'Regarding the debate about faith and works: It\x92s like asking which blade in a pair of scissors is most important. -C.S. Lewis': 1, "Unless the religious claims of the Bible are again acknowledged, its literary claims will, I think, be given only 'mouth honour' and that decreasingly. -C.S. Lewis": 1, 'Perfect humility dispenses with modesty. -C.S. Lewis': 1, "Of all tyrannies, a tyranny exercised for the good of its victims may be the most oppressive. It may be better to live under robber barons than under omnipotent moral busybodies. The robber baron's cruelty may sometimes sleep, his cupidity may at some point be satiated; but those who torment us for our own good will torment us without end, for they do so with the approval of their own conscience. -C.S. Lewis": 1, 'It is only our bad temper that we put down to being tired or worried or hungry; we put our good temper down to ourselves. -C.S. Lewis': 1, 'Christ died for men precisely because men are not worth dying for; to make them worth it. -C.S. Lewis': 1, "We all want progress, but if you're on the wrong road, progress means doing an about-turn and walking back to the right road; in that case, the man who turns back soonest is the most progressive. -C.S. Lewis": 1, 'You find out more about God from the Moral Law than from the univerise in general just as you find out more about a man by listening to his conversation than by looking at a house he has built. -C.S. Lewis': 1, 'In any fairly large and talkative community such as a university there is always the danger that those who think alike should gravitate together where they will henceforth encounter opposition only in the emasculated form of rumour that the outsiders say thus and thus. The absent are easily refuted, complacent dogmatism thrives, and differences of opinion are embittered by the group hostility. Each group hears not the best, but the worst, that the other group can say. -C.S. Lewis': 1, "You cannot go on 'explaining away' for ever: you will find that you have explained explanation itself away. You cannot go on 'seeing through' things for ever. The whole point of seeing through something is to see something through it. -C.S. Lewis": 1, "We all wish to be judged by our peers, by the men 'after our own heart.' Only they really know our mind and only they judge it by standards we fully acknowledge. Theirs is the praise we really covet and the blame we really dread. The little pockets of early Chrstians survived because they cared exclusively for the love of 'the bretheren' and stopped their ears to the opinion of the Pagan society around them. But a circle of criminals, cranks, or perverts survives in just the same way; by becoming deaf to the opinion of the outer world, by discounting it as the chatter of outsiders who 'don't understand,' of the 'conventional,' the 'bourgeois,' the 'Establishment,' of prigs, prudes, and humbugs. -C.S. Lewis": 1, 'Surely what a man does when he is caught off his guard is the best evidence as to what sort of man he is. -C.S. Lewis': 1, 'No doubt those who really founded modern science were usually those whose love of truth exceeded their love of power. -C.S. Lewis': 1, 'It still remains true that no justification of virtue will enable a man to be virtuous. -C.S. Lewis': 1, 'Nothing that you have not given away will ever be really yours. -C.S. Lewis': 1, 'Love anything and your heart will be wrung and possibly broken. If you want to make sure of keeping it intact you must give it to no one, not even an animal. Wrap it carefully round with hobbies and little luxuries; avoid all entanglements. Lock it up safe in the casket or coffin of your selfishness. But in that casket, safe, dark, motionless, airless, it will change. It will not be broken; it will become unbreakable, impenetrable, irredeemable. To love is to be vulnerable. -C.S. Lewis': 1, 'Experience proves this, or that, or nothing, according to the preconceptions we bring to it. -C.S. Lewis': 1, 'I believe in Christianity as I believe that the sun has risen, not only because I see it, but because by it I see everything else. -C.S. Lewis': 1, 'The surest way of spoiling a pleasure is to start examining your satisfaction. -C.S. Lewis': 1} 
admitting {"We seem to be going through a period of nostalgia, and everyone seems to think yesterday was better than today. I don't think it was, and I would advise you not to wait ten years before admitting today was great. If you're hung up on nostalgia, pretend today is yesterday and just go out and have one hell of a time. -Art Buchwald": 1} 
dark {"A mathematician is a blind man in a dark room looking for a black cat which isn't there. -Charles Robert": 1, 'Character is what you are in the dark. -John Whorfin': 1, 'Love anything and your heart will be wrung and possibly broken. If you want to make sure of keeping it intact you must give it to no one, not even an animal. Wrap it carefully round with hobbies and little luxuries; avoid all entanglements. Lock it up safe in the casket or coffin of your selfishness. But in that casket, safe, dark, motionless, airless, it will change. It will not be broken; it will become unbreakable, impenetrable, irredeemable. To love is to be vulnerable. -C.S. Lewis': 1} 
bandage {'Religion to me has always been the wound, not the bandage. -Dennis Potter': 1} 
mom {"I'm a middle age white guy, which means I'm constantly reminded that my particular group is responsible for the oppression of every known minority PLUS most wars PLUS government corruption PLUS pollution of the environment, not to mention that it was middle-age white guys who killed Bambi's mom. -Dave Barry": 1} 
vacuum {"Money never made a man happy yet, nor will it. There is nothing in its nature to produce happiness. The more a man has, the more he wants. Instead of its filling a vacuum, it makes one. If it satisfies one want, it doubles and trebles that want another way. That was a true proverb of the wise man, rely upon it; ''Better is little with the fear of the Lord, than great treasure, and trouble therewith. -Benjamin Franklin": 1} 
e.b. white {'I wake each morning torn between the desire to improve the world and the desire to enjoy it. It makes it hard to plan the day. -E.B. White': 1, 'Analyzing humor is like dissecting a frog. Few people are interested and the frog dies of it. -E.B. White': 1, "Advice to young writers who want to get ahead without annoying delays: don\x92t write about Man, write about 'a' man. -E.B. White": 1} 
using {'Karate is a form of marital arts in which people who have had years and years of training can, using only their hands and feet, make some of the worst movies in the history of the world. -Dave Barry': 1, 'If the United Nations once admits that international disputes can be settled by using force, then we will have destroyed the foundation of the organization and our best hope of establishing a world order. -Dwight Eisenhower': 1, 'Anyone who invokes authors in discussion is not using his intelligence but his memory. -Leonardo da Vinci': 1, "I cried because I had no shoes, 'till I met a man who had no feet. So I said, 'You got any shoes you're not using'? -Steven Wright": 1} 
lady {"Being a leader is like being a lady, if you have to go around telling people you are one, you aren't. -Margaret Thatcher": 1} 
dare {'Let us have faith that right makes might, and in that faith, let us, to the end, dare to do our duty as we understand it. -Abraham Lincoln': 1, '\x93Take a chance! All life is a chance. The man who goes farthest is generally the one who is willing to do and dare. -Dale Carnegie': 1} 
birthdays {'Marriage is the alliance of two people, one of whom never remembers birthdays and the other who never forgets. -Ogden Nash': 1} 
fortune {'It is better to be bold than too circumspect, because fortune is of a sex which likes not a tardy wooer and repulses all who are not ardent. -Nicolo Machiavelli': 1} 
stranger {"What is it that makes a complete stranger dive into an icy river to save a solid-gold baby? Maybe we'll never know. -Jack Handey": 1} 
tardy {'It is better to be bold than too circumspect, because fortune is of a sex which likes not a tardy wooer and repulses all who are not ardent. -Nicolo Machiavelli': 1} 
sanity {"The statistics on sanity are that one out of every four Americans are suffering from some form of mental illness. Think of your three best friends. If they're okay, then it's you. -Rita Mae Brown": 1} 
benefit {"Every author should weigh his work and ask, 'Will humanity gain any benefit from it?' -Nachman of Bratslav": 1, 'If men will not act for themselves, what will they do when the benefit of their effort is for all? -Elbert Hubbard': 1} 
nose {"The right to swing my fist ends where the other man's nose begins. -Oliver Wendell Holmes": 1, 'And what\x92s romance? Usually, a nice little tale where you have everything As You Like It, where rain never wets your jacket and gnats never bite your nose and it\x92s always daisy-time. -D.H. Lawrence': 1} 
robbery {'Collecting more taxes than is absolutely necessary is legalized robbery. -Calvin Coolidge': 1} 
fully {'There are perhaps no days of our childhood we lived so fully as those we spent with a favorite book. -Marcel Proust': 1, "We all wish to be judged by our peers, by the men 'after our own heart.' Only they really know our mind and only they judge it by standards we fully acknowledge. Theirs is the praise we really covet and the blame we really dread. The little pockets of early Chrstians survived because they cared exclusively for the love of 'the bretheren' and stopped their ears to the opinion of the Pagan society around them. But a circle of criminals, cranks, or perverts survives in just the same way; by becoming deaf to the opinion of the outer world, by discounting it as the chatter of outsiders who 'don't understand,' of the 'conventional,' the 'bourgeois,' the 'Establishment,' of prigs, prudes, and humbugs. -C.S. Lewis": 1} 
anti {"The days of looking the other way while despotic regimes trample human rights, rob their nations' wealth, and then excuse their failings by feeding their people a steady diet of anti-Western hatred are over. -Dick Cheney": 1} 
irv kupcinet {'An optimist is a person who starts a new diet on Thanksgiving Day. -Irv Kupcinet': 1} 
grouping {'Nothing before had ever made me thoroughly realise, though I had read various scientific books, that science consists in grouping facts so that general laws or conclusions may be drawn from them. -Charles Darwin': 1} 
couldn't {"Don't knock the weather; nine-tenths of the people couldn't start a conversation if it didn't change once in a while. -Kin Hubbard": 1} 
explaining {"You cannot go on 'explaining away' for ever: you will find that you have explained explanation itself away. You cannot go on 'seeing through' things for ever. The whole point of seeing through something is to see something through it. -C.S. Lewis": 1} 
pronounce {'It is a grand mistake to think of being great without goodness and I pronounce it as certain that there was never a truly great man that was not at the same time truly virtuous. -Benjamin Franklin': 1} 
mistrust {'I mistrust the judgment of every man in a case in which his own wishes are concerned. -Daniel Webster': 1} 
perspiration {'Genius is one per cent inspiration, ninety-nine per cent perspiration. -Thomas Edison': 1} 
shallow {"Why are people's ''deepest desires'' always so shallow? -Author Unknown": 1} 
table {'Why, you can take the most gallant sailor, the most intrepid airman or the most audacious soldier, put them at a table together - what do you get? The sum of their fears. -Winston Churchill': 1} 
root {'Most modern freedom is at root fear. It is not so much that we are too bold to endure rules; it is rather that we are too timid to endure responsibilities. -GK Chesterton': 1, 'There are a thousand hacking at the branches of evil to one who is striking at the root. -Henry Thoreau': 1} 
dwight eisenhower {"You do not lead by hitting people over the head \x97 that's assault, not leadership. -Dwight Eisenhower": 1, 'There is no glory in battle worth the blood it costs. -Dwight Eisenhower': 1, 'The eyes of the world are upon you. The hopes and prayers of liberty-loving people everywhere march with you. -Dwight Eisenhower': 1, 'A people that values its privileges above its principles soon loses both. -Dwight Eisenhower': 1, 'Though force can protect in emergency, only justice, fairness, consideration and cooperation can finally lead men to the dawn of eternal peace. -Dwight Eisenhower': 1, 'The president cannot escape from his office. -Dwight Eisenhower': 1, 'Every gun that is made, every warship launched, every rocket fired, signifies in the final sense a theft from those who hunger and are not fed, those who are cold and are not clothed. -Dwight Eisenhower': 1, 'History does not long entrust the care of freedom to the weak or the timid. -Dwight Eisenhower': 1, "Don't join the book burners. Do not think you are going to conceal thoughts by concealing evidence that they ever existed. -Dwight Eisenhower": 1, 'I thought it completely absurd to mention my name in the same breath as the Presidency. -Dwight Eisenhower': 1, 'Humility must always be the portion of any man who receives acclaim earned in blood of his followers and sacrifices of his friends. -Dwight Eisenhower': 1, 'In the councils of government, we must guard against the acquisition of unwarranted influence, whether sought or unsought, by the military-industrial complex. -Dwight Eisenhower': 1, "Speeches are for the younger men who are going places. And I'm not going anyplace except six feet under the floor of that little chapel adjoining the museum and library at Abilene. -Dwight Eisenhower": 1, 'I have one yardstick by which I test every major problem-and that yardstick is: Is it good for America? -Dwight Eisenhower': 1, 'I feel impelled to speak today in a language that in a sense is new-one which I, who have spent so much of my life in the military profession, would have preferred never to use. That new language is the language of atomic warfare. -Dwight Eisenhower': 1, 'If the United Nations once admits that international disputes can be settled by using force, then we will have destroyed the foundation of the organization and our best hope of establishing a world order. -Dwight Eisenhower': 1, 'I hate war as only a soldier who has lived it can, only as one who has seen its brutality, its futility, its stupidity. -Dwight Eisenhower': 1} 
thinks {'He who learns but does not think, is lost! He who thinks but does not learn is in great danger. -Confucius': 1} 
provided {'Imagination is a quality given a man to compensate him for what he is not, and a sense of humor was provided to console him for what he is. -Oscar Wilde': 1} 
passions {'The time which we have at our disposal every day is elastic; the passions we feel expand it, those that we inspire contract it, and habit fills up what remains. -Marcel Proust': 1, 'Nothing separates the generations more than music. By the time a child is eight or nine, he has developed a passion for his own music that is even stronger than his passions for procrastination and weird clothes. -Bill Cosby': 1} 
dimensions {'A mind that is stretched by a new experience can never go back to its old dimensions. -Oliver Wendell Holmes': 1} 
chris bowyer {"I'd rather hear an old truth than a new lie. -Chris Bowyer": 1} 
noon {'A truly great book should be read in youth, again in maturity and once more in old age, as a fine building should be seen by morning light, at noon and by moonlight. -Robertson Davies': 1} 
pacifists {'Of course the people dont want war...that is understood. But voice or no voice, the people can always be brought to the bidding of the leaders. That is easy. All you have to do is tell them they are being attacked, and denounce the pacifists for lack of patriotism and exposing the country to danger. It works the same in any country. -Hermann Goering': 1} 
critical {"The puritanism of Christianity has played havoc with the moderation that an enlightened and tolerant critical spirit would have produced. I've noticed that in whatever country, county, town, or other region there is a regulation enjoining temperance, the population seems to be entirely composed of teetotallers and drunkards. There's a Bible on that shelf there. But I keep it next to Voltaire - poison and antidote. -Bertrand Russell": 1} 
exit {'Every exit is an entry somewhere. -Tom Stoppard': 1} 
expressing {'After silence, that which comes nearest to expressing the inexpressible is Music. -Aldous Huxley': 1} 
anyplace {"Speeches are for the younger men who are going places. And I'm not going anyplace except six feet under the floor of that little chapel adjoining the museum and library at Abilene. -Dwight Eisenhower": 1} 
spectators {"This is the second most exciting indoor sport, and the other one shouldn't have spectators. -Dick Vertleib": 1} 
cost {'The cost of freedom is always high, but Americans have always paid it. And one path we shall never choose, and that is the path of surrender, or submission. -John F. Kennedy': 1, "You know you're getting old when the candles cost more than the cake. -Bob Hope": 1, 'To defend Western Europe we have to let the Pentagon buy all these tanks and guns and things, and the Pentagon is unable to buy any object that that costs less than a condominium in Vail. If the Pentagon needs, say, fruit, it will argue that it must have fruit that can withstand the rigors of combat conditions, and it will wind up purchasing the FX-700 Seedless Tactical Grape, which will cost $160,000 per bunch, and will have an 83 percent failure rate. -Dave Barry': 1} 
football {"Most football teams are temperamental. That's 90% temper and 10% mental. -Doug Plank": 1} 
scientific {'Nothing before had ever made me thoroughly realise, though I had read various scientific books, that science consists in grouping facts so that general laws or conclusions may be drawn from them. -Charles Darwin': 1, "It is a scientific fact that your body will not absorb cholesterol if you take it from another person's plate. -Dave Barry": 1} 
business {"'Tis the business of little minds to shrink, but he whose heart is firm, and whose conscience approves his conduct, will pursue his principles unto death. -Thomas Paine": 1, 'We have to make America the best place in the world to do business. -Dick Cheney': 1, 'Perhaps one of the most important accomplishments of my administration has been minding my own business. -Calvin Coolidge': 1} 
obliged {'The greatest monarch on the proudest throne is obliged to sit upon his own arse. -Benjamin Franklin': 1} 
gene brown {"Accept good advice gracefully--as long as it doesn't interfere with what you intended to do in the first place. -Gene Brown": 1} 
nails {"I'm never going to be famous. My name will never be writ large on the roster of Those Who Do Things. I don't do any thing. Not one single thing. I used to bite my nails, but I don't even do that any more. -Dorothy Parker": 1} 
breasts {"I love Thanksgiving. It's the only time in Los Angeles that you see natural breasts. -Arnold Schwarzenegger": 1, 'I could not handle being a woman, I would stay home all day and play with my breasts. -Steve Martin': 1} 
broken {'Obstacles do not exist to be surrendered to, but only to be broken. -Adolf Hitler': 1, 'Love anything and your heart will be wrung and possibly broken. If you want to make sure of keeping it intact you must give it to no one, not even an animal. Wrap it carefully round with hobbies and little luxuries; avoid all entanglements. Lock it up safe in the casket or coffin of your selfishness. But in that casket, safe, dark, motionless, airless, it will change. It will not be broken; it will become unbreakable, impenetrable, irredeemable. To love is to be vulnerable. -C.S. Lewis': 2} 
leadership {"You do not lead by hitting people over the head \x97 that's assault, not leadership. -Dwight Eisenhower": 1, 'We need not just a new generation of leadership but a new gender of leadership. -Bill Clinton': 2} 
fabled {"You give me a credit to which I have no claim in calling me 'the writer of the Constitution of the United States.' This was not, like the fabled Goddess of Wisdom, the offspring of a single brain. It ought to be regarded as the work of many heads and many hands. -James Madison": 1} 
leftover {'If variety is the spice of life, marriage is the big can of leftover Spam. -Johnny Carson': 1} 
exciting {"This is the second most exciting indoor sport, and the other one shouldn't have spectators. -Dick Vertleib": 1, "The most exciting phrase to hear in science, the one that heralds new discoveries, is not 'Eureka!' (I found it!) but 'That's funny...' -Isaac Asimov": 1} 
throw {"If your kid makes one of those little homemade guitars out of a cigar box and rubber bands, don't let him just play it once or twice and then throw it away. Make him practice on it, every day, for about three hours a day. Later, he'll thank you. -Jack Handey": 1, 'The aging process has you firmly in its grasp if you never get the urge to throw a snowball. -Doug Larson': 1} 
beaches {"I have a hobby...I have the world's largest collection of sea shells. I keep it scattered on beaches all over the world. Maybe you've seen some of it... -Steven Wright": 1} 
on {'Music expresses that which cannot be said and on which it is impossible to be silent. -Victor Hugo': 1, 'Slang is the language which takes off its coat, spits on its hands - and goes to work. -Carl Sandburg': 1, "A University of Chicago professor said the greatest day in the world was when a water puppy crawled out on land and decided to stay. The water puppy, he said, went on to become a man. If he proves that, I am willing to give up Christmas, Thanksgiving, and New Year's Day, and to celebrate Water Puppy Day. -William Jennings Bryan": 2, 'Religion operates not only on the vertical plane but also on the horizontal. It seeks not only to integrate men with God but to integrate men with men and each man with himself. -Martin Luther King Jr.': 2, 'Worry is interest paid on trouble before it falls due. -W. R. Inge': 1, "I'm the type who'd be happy not going anywhere as long as I was sure I knew exactly what was happening at the places I wasn't going to. I'm the type who'd like to sit home and watch every party that I'm invited to on a monitor in my bedroom. -Andy Warhol": 1, "Happiness is so hard to define and foolish to define. Am I acting? That's the worst thing you can ask yourself. You can be happy suddenly. It can spring on you, not when you reach a plateau. You can be happy going backward or going down. You can be happy at the loss of something. -Steve Martin": 1, 'How did it happen that their lips came together? How does it happen that birds sing, that snow melts, that the rose unfolds, that the dawn whitens behind the stark shapes of trees on the quivering summit of the hill? A kiss, and all was said. -Victor Hugo': 1, 'I dote on his very absence. -William Shakespeare': 1, 'My aim is to put down on paper what I see and what I feel in the best and simplest way. -Ernest Hemingway': 1, 'Self-denial is the shining sore on the leprous body of Christianity. -Oscar Wilde': 1, "The puritanism of Christianity has played havoc with the moderation that an enlightened and tolerant critical spirit would have produced. I've noticed that in whatever country, county, town, or other region there is a regulation enjoining temperance, the population seems to be entirely composed of teetotallers and drunkards. There's a Bible on that shelf there. But I keep it next to Voltaire - poison and antidote. -Bertrand Russell": 1, 'The good thing about being bisexual is that it doubles your chance of a date on a Saturday night. -Woody Allen': 1, 'I have often wondered how it is that every man loves himself more than all the rest of men, but yet sets less value on his own opinion of himself than on the opinion of others. -Marcus Aurelius': 2, 'Errors of haste are seldom committed singly. The first time a man always does too much. And precisely on that account he commits a second error, and then he does too little. -Friedrich Nietzsche': 1, 'The intellect is not a serious thing, and never has been. It is an instrument on which one plays, that is all. -Oscar Wilde': 1, 'Let the river roll which way it will, cities will rise on its banks. -Ralph Waldo Emerson': 1, 'Nature thrives on patience; man on impatience. -Paul Boese': 2, 'There is nothing funny about Halloween. This sarcastic festival reflects, rather, an infernal demand for revenge by children on the adult world. -Jean Baudrillard': 1, 'On account of being a democracy and run by the people, we are the only nation in the world that has to keep a government four years, no matter what it does. -Will Rogers': 1, "You can't depend on your eyes when your imagination is out of focus. -Mark Twain": 1, 'Call on God, but row away from the rocks. -Hunter S. Thompson': 1, 'Certain thoughts are prayers. There are moments when, whatever be the attitude of the body, the soul is on its knees. -Victor Hugo': 1, 'A typical vice of American politics is the avoidance of saying anything real on real issues. -Theodore Roosevelt': 1, 'The customs and fashions of men change like leaves on the bough, some of which go and others come. -Dante Alighieri': 1, 'Cast your cares on God; that anchor holds. -Frank Moore Colby': 1, 'If music be the food of love, play on. -William Shakespeare': 1, 'Nature is trying very hard to make us succeed, but nature does not depend on us. We are not the only experiment. -Buckminster Fuller': 1, 'Man [has] always assumed that he was more intelligent than dolphins because he had achieved so much-the wheel, New York, wars and so on-while all the dolphins had ever done was muck about in the water having a good time. But conversely, the dolphins had always believed that they were far more intelligent than man-for precisely the same reason. -Douglas Adams': 1, "If a woman has to choose between catching a fly ball and saving an infant's life, she will choose to save the infant's life without even considering if there are men on base. -Dave Barry": 1, 'Fatherhood is pretending the present you love most is soap on-a-rope. -Bill Cosby': 1, 'Democratic nations must try to find ways to starve the terrorist and the hijacker of the oxygen of publicity on which they depend. -Margaret Thatcher': 1, 'If my children wake up on Christmas morning and have someone to thank for putting candy in their stocking, have I no one to thank for putting two feet in mine? -GK Chesterton': 1, "We all want progress, but if you're on the wrong road, progress means doing an about-turn and walking back to the right road; in that case, the man who turns back soonest is the most progressive. -C.S. Lewis": 1, "I have a hobby...I have the world's largest collection of sea shells. I keep it scattered on beaches all over the world. Maybe you've seen some of it... -Steven Wright": 1, 'There is wishful thinking in Hell as well as on Earth. -C.S. Lewis': 1, "If your kid makes one of those little homemade guitars out of a cigar box and rubber bands, don't let him just play it once or twice and then throw it away. Make him practice on it, every day, for about three hours a day. Later, he'll thank you. -Jack Handey": 1, 'Dogs look up to you. Cats look down on you. Pigs treat you like equals. -Winston Churchill': 1, 'This country was built on rape, slavery, murder, degradation and affiliation with crime. -Mike Tyson': 1, "We seem to be going through a period of nostalgia, and everyone seems to think yesterday was better than today. I don't think it was, and I would advise you not to wait ten years before admitting today was great. If you're hung up on nostalgia, pretend today is yesterday and just go out and have one hell of a time. -Art Buchwald": 1, "I'm never going to be famous. My name will never be writ large on the roster of Those Who Do Things. I don't do any thing. Not one single thing. I used to bite my nails, but I don't even do that any more. -Dorothy Parker": 1, 'All men are timid on entering any fight. Whether it is the first or the last fight, all of us are timid. Cowards are those who let their timidity get the better of their manhood. -George Patton': 1, "Just because I look sexy on the cover of Rolling Stone doesn't mean I'm naughty. -Britney Spears": 1, "You cannot go on 'explaining away' for ever: you will find that you have explained explanation itself away. You cannot go on 'seeing through' things for ever. The whole point of seeing through something is to see something through it. -C.S. Lewis": 2, "Forgive, O Lord, my little jokes on Thee, and I'll forgive Thy great big joke on me. -Robert Frost": 2, 'People sleep peaceably in their beds at night only because rough men stand ready to do violence on their behalf. -George Orwell': 1, "The statistics on sanity are that one out of every four Americans are suffering from some form of mental illness. Think of your three best friends. If they're okay, then it's you. -Rita Mae Brown": 1, 'When you have the facts on your side, argue the facts. When you have the law on your side, argue the law. When you have neither, holler. -Al Gore': 2, "I have come to the conclusion that my subjective account of my motivation is largely mythical on almost all occasions. I don't know why I do things. -J.B.S. Haldane": 1, 'Any reviewer who expresses rage and loathing for a novel is preposterous. He or she is like a person who has put on full armor and attacked a hot fudge sundae. -Kurt Vonnegut': 1, "A grandmother pretends she doesn't know who you are on Halloween. -Erna Bombeck": 1, 'I like television. I still believe that television is the most powerful form of communication on Earth -- I just hate what is being done with it. -Alton Brown': 1, 'Thus the metric system did not really catch on in the States, unless you count the increasing popularity of the nine-millimeter bullet. -Dave Barry': 1, 'On the plus side, death is one of the few things that can be done just as easily lying down. -Woody Allen': 1, "The movie's director is the pilot. It's his vision. For an actor, the time to worry about flying is when you're on the ground. If you don't want to fly with the director, don't get on the plane. -Denzel Washington": 2, 'A star on a movie set is like a time bomb. That bomb has got to be defused so people can approach it without fear. -Jack Nicholson': 1, "You know, there's a million fine looking women in the world, dude. But they don't all bring you lasagna at work. Most of 'em just cheat on you. -Kevin Smith": 1, 'The greatness of our country has been based on our thinking that everyone has a right even to be wrong. -Ronald Reagan': 1, 'The greatest monarch on the proudest throne is obliged to sit upon his own arse. -Benjamin Franklin': 1, 'An optimist is a person who starts a new diet on Thanksgiving Day. -Irv Kupcinet': 1, "You can't build a reputation on what you are going to do. -Henry Ford": 1, 'A government which robs Peter to pay Paul can always depend on the support of Paul. -George Bernard Shaw': 1, "Many a man's reputation would not know his character if they met on the street. -Elbert Hubbard": 1, "It is a good idea to ''shop around'' before you settle on a doctor. Ask about the condition of his Mercedes. Ask about the competence of his mechanic. Don't be shy! After all, you're paying for it. -Dave Barry": 1, 'Life is anything that dies when you stomp on it. -Dave Barry': 1, 'Not only is there no God, but try finding a plumber on Sunday. -Woody Allen': 1, 'To you taxpayers out there, let me say this: Make sure you file your tax return on time! And remember that, even though income taxes can be a \x93pain in the neck,\x94 the folks at the IRS are regular people just like you, except that they can destroy your life. -Dave Barry': 1, 'New knowledge is the most valuable commodity on earth. The more truth we have to work with, the richer we become. -Kurt Vonnegut': 1, 'America is the only country ever founded on a creed. -GK Chesterton': 1} 
stone {"Just because I look sexy on the cover of Rolling Stone doesn't mean I'm naughty. -Britney Spears": 1} 
preoccupied {"Those who are preoccupied with 'making a statement' usually don't have any statements worth making. -Thomas Sowell": 1} 
oh {'Without question, the greatest invention in the history of mankind is beer. Oh, I grant you that the wheel was also a fine invention, but the wheel does not go nearly as well with pizza. -Dave Barry': 1} 
of {'Humility must always be the portion of any man who receives acclaim earned in blood of his followers and sacrifices of his friends. -Dwight Eisenhower': 3, 'Were it possible for us to wait for ourselves to come into the room, not many of us would find our hearts breaking into flower as we heard the door handle turn. -Rebecca West': 1, 'With the sleep of dreams comes nightmares. -William Shakespeare': 1, 'Chicago sounds rough to the maker of verse. One comfort we have: Cincinnati sounds worse. -Oliver Wendell Holmes': 1, 'There are a thousand hacking at the branches of evil to one who is striking at the root. -Henry Thoreau': 1, 'As Mankind becomes more liberal, they will be more apt to allow that all those who conduct themselves as worthy members of the community are equally entitled to the protections of civil government. I hope ever to see America among the foremost nations of justice and liberality. -George Washington': 3, "Science is not about building a body of known 'facts'. It is a method for asking awkward questions and subjecting them to a reality-check, thus avoiding the human tendency to believe whatever makes us feel good. -Terry Pratchett": 1, "Dying is the most embarrassing thing that can ever happen to you, because someone's got to take care of all your details. -Andy Warhol": 1, 'The cost of freedom is always high, but Americans have always paid it. And one path we shall never choose, and that is the path of surrender, or submission. -John F. Kennedy': 2, 'The power of accurate observation is commonly called cynicism by those who have not got it. -George Bernard Shaw': 1, 'War - an act of violence whose object is to constrain the enemy, to accomplish our will. -George Washington': 1, "Happiness is so hard to define and foolish to define. Am I acting? That's the worst thing you can ask yourself. You can be happy suddenly. It can spring on you, not when you reach a plateau. You can be happy going backward or going down. You can be happy at the loss of something. -Steve Martin": 1, 'Imitation is the sincerest of flattery. -Charles Caleb Colton': 1, 'The greatest happiness of life is the conviction that we are loved, loved for ourselves, or rather, loved in spite of ourselves. -Victor Hugo': 2, "I didn't attend the funeral, but I sent a nice letter saying I approved of it. -Mark Twain": 1, 'We know too much, and are convinced of too little. Our literature is a substitute for religion, and so is our religion. -T.S. Eliot': 1, 'Self-denial is the shining sore on the leprous body of Christianity. -Oscar Wilde': 1, "The puritanism of Christianity has played havoc with the moderation that an enlightened and tolerant critical spirit would have produced. I've noticed that in whatever country, county, town, or other region there is a regulation enjoining temperance, the population seems to be entirely composed of teetotallers and drunkards. There's a Bible on that shelf there. But I keep it next to Voltaire - poison and antidote. -Bertrand Russell": 2, 'That men do not learn very much from the lessons of history is the most important of all the lessons of history. -Aldous Huxley': 3, 'The Nation which indulges toward another an habitual hatred or an habitual fondness is in some degree a slave. It is a slave to its animosity or to its affection, either of which is sufficient to lead it astray from its duty and its interest. -George Washington': 1, 'The thought of being president frightens me. I do not think I want the job. -Ronald Reagan': 1, 'Nobody expects to trust his body overmuch after the age of fifty. -Alexander Hamilton': 1, 'When an American says that he loves his country, he means not only that he loves the New England hills, the prairies glistening in the sun, the wide and rising plains, the great mountains, and the sea. He means that he loves an inner air, an inner light in which freedom lives and in which a man can draw the breath of self-respect. -Adlai Stevenson': 1, 'Perhaps one of the most important accomplishments of my administration has been minding my own business. -Calvin Coolidge': 2, 'One definition of an economist is somebody who sees something happen in practice and wonders if it will work in theory. -Ronald Reagan': 1, 'Washington is a city of Southern efficiency and Northern charm. -John F. Kennedy': 1, "You can't depend on your eyes when your imagination is out of focus. -Mark Twain": 1, 'Certain thoughts are prayers. There are moments when, whatever be the attitude of the body, the soul is on its knees. -Victor Hugo': 1, 'Let the word go forth from this time and place, to friend and foe alike, that the torch has been passed to a new generation of Americans. -John F. Kennedy': 1, 'Through pride we are ever deceiving ourselves. But deep down below the surface of the average conscience a still, small voice says to us, something is out of tune. -Carl Jung': 2, 'Beauty is ever to the lonely mind a shadow fleeting; she is never plain. She is a visitor who leaves behind the gift of grief, the souvenir of pain. -Christopher Morley': 2, 'It is better to be bold than too circumspect, because fortune is of a sex which likes not a tardy wooer and repulses all who are not ardent. -Nicolo Machiavelli': 1, "There are people who put their dreams in a little box and say, Yes, I've got dreams, of course I've got dreams. Then they put the box away and bring it out once in awhile to look in it, and yep, they're still there. -Erna Bombeck": 1, 'All human actions have one or more of these seven causes: chance, nature, compulsions, habit, reason, passion, desire. -Aristotle': 1, 'The means of defense against foreign danger historically have become the instruments of tyranny at home. -James Madison': 2, 'The act of policing is, in order to punish less often, to punish more severely. -Napoleon Bonaparte': 1, 'Death is psychologically as important as birth. Shrinking away from it is something unhealthy and abnormal which robs the second half of life of its purpose. -Carl Jung': 2, 'A powerful idea communicates some of its strength to him who challenges it. -Marcel Proust': 1, 'Of all the animals, man is the only one that lies. -Mark Twain': 1, 'Some of your countrymen were unable to distinguish between their native dislike for war and the stainless patriotism of those who suffered its scars. But there has been a rethinking and now we can say to you, and say as a nation, thank you for your courage. -Ronald Reagan': 2, 'Like many intellectuals, he was incapable of saying a simple thing in a simple way. -Marcel Proust': 1, 'People have a way of becoming what you encourage them to be, not what you nag them to be. -Author Unknown': 1, "Of all tyrannies, a tyranny exercised for the good of its victims may be the most oppressive. It may be better to live under robber barons than under omnipotent moral busybodies. The robber baron's cruelty may sometimes sleep, his cupidity may at some point be satiated; but those who torment us for our own good will torment us without end, for they do so with the approval of their own conscience. -C.S. Lewis": 3, 'Whatever affects one directly, affects all indirectly. I can never be what I ought to be until you are what you ought to be. This is the interrelated structure of reality. -Martin Luther King Jr.': 1, 'That is the true season of love, when we believe that we alone can love, that no one could ever have loved so before us, and that no one will love in the same way after us. -Johann Wolfgang von Goethe': 1, 'No easy problem ever comes to the President of the United States. If they are easy to solve, somebody else has solved them. -John F. Kennedy': 1, "If your kid makes one of those little homemade guitars out of a cigar box and rubber bands, don't let him just play it once or twice and then throw it away. Make him practice on it, every day, for about three hours a day. Later, he'll thank you. -Jack Handey": 2, 'When I took office, only high energy physicists had ever heard of what is called the Worldwide Web....now even my cat has its own page. -Bill Clinton': 1, 'I am a writer of books in retrospect. I talk in order to understand; I teach in order to learn. -Robert Frost': 1, 'Alexander, Caesar, Charlemagne, and myself founded empires; but what foundation did we rest the creations of our genius? Upon force. Jesus Christ founded an empire upon love; and at this hour millions of men would die for Him. -Napoleon Bonaparte': 2, 'How we spend our days is, of course, how we spend our lives. -Annie Dillard': 1, 'To assert that the earth revolves around the sun is as erroneous as to claim that Jesus was not born of a virgin. -Cardinal Bellarmine': 1, 'Everything that irritates us about others can lead us to an understanding of ourselves. -Carl Jung': 1, 'Christmas can be celebrated in the school room with pine trees, tinsel and reindeers, but there must be no mention of the man whose birthday is being celebrated. One wonders how a teacher would answer if a student asked why it was called Christmas. -Ronald Reagan': 1, 'I have gathered a posie of other men\x92s flowers, and nothing but the thread that binds them is mine own. -John Bartlett': 1, 'In the beginning, the universe was created. This made a lot of people very angry, and has been widely regarded as a bad idea. -Douglas Adams': 1, 'My dream is of a place and a time where America will once again be seen as the last best hope of earth. -Abraham Lincoln': 2, 'We are living in a world, where what we earn is a function of what we learn. -Bill Clinton': 1, 'No matter how much cats fight, there always seem to be plenty of kittens. -Abraham Lincoln': 1, "The only kind of seafood I trust is the fish stick, a totally featureless fish that doesn't have eyeballs or fins. -Dave Barry": 1, 'The price of greatness is responsibility. -Winston Churchill': 1, 'If eighty percent of your sales come from twenty percent of all of your items, just carry those twenty percent. -Henry Kissinger': 3, 'In politics shared hatreds are almost always the basis of friendships. -Alexis de Tocqueville': 1, 'America is not like a blanket: one piece of unbroken cloth, the same color, the same texture, the same size. America is more like a quilt: many patches, many pieces, many colors, many sizes, all woven and held together by a common thread. -Jesse Jackson': 1, 'Ocean: A body of water occupying 2/3 of a world made for man...who has no gills. -Ambrose Bierce': 2, "I once said cynically of a politician, 'He'll doublecross that bridge when he comes to it.' -Oscar Levant": 1, 'Painting is just another way of keeping a diary. -Pablo Picasso': 1, 'It still remains true that no justification of virtue will enable a man to be virtuous. -C.S. Lewis': 1, 'The art of being happy lies in the power of extracting happiness from common things. -Henry Ward Beecher': 2, 'Against criticism a man can neither protest nor defend himself; he must act in spite of it, and then it will gradually yield to him. -Johann Wolfgang von Goethe': 1, 'Love is the master key which opens the gates of happiness. -Oliver Wendell Holmes': 1, 'Even if there is only one possible unified theory, it is just a set of rules and equations. What is it that breathes fire into the equations and makes a universe for them to describe? -Stephen Hawking': 1, 'The whole life of an American is passed like a game of chance, a revolutionary crisis, or a battle. -Alexis de Tocqueville': 2, 'The object of war is not to die for your country but to make the other bastard die for his. -George Patton': 1, 'The greatness of our country has been based on our thinking that everyone has a right even to be wrong. -Ronald Reagan': 1, 'Democratic nations must try to find ways to starve the terrorist and the hijacker of the oxygen of publicity on which they depend. -Margaret Thatcher': 2, 'Regarding the debate about faith and works: It\x92s like asking which blade in a pair of scissors is most important. -C.S. Lewis': 1, "It is a good idea to ''shop around'' before you settle on a doctor. Ask about the condition of his Mercedes. Ask about the competence of his mechanic. Don't be shy! After all, you're paying for it. -Dave Barry": 2, 'It is one of the blessings of old friends that you can afford to be stupid with them. -Ralph Waldo Emerson': 2, "When you stop giving and offering something to the rest of the world, it's time to turn out the lights. -George Burns": 1, "If you could kick the person in the pants responsible for most of your trouble, you wouldn't sit for a month. -Theodore Roosevelt": 1, 'Television is a medium of entertainment which permits millions of people to listen to the same joke at the same time, and yet remain lonesome. -T.S. Eliot': 2, "Learning carries within itself certain dangers because out of necessity one has to learn from one's enemies. -Leon Trotsky": 1, 'In any moment of decision, the best thing you can do is the right thing. The worst thing you can do is nothing. -Theodore Roosevelt': 1, 'There is hope for the future because God has a sense of humor and we are funny to God. -Bill Cosby': 1, 'From the prodigious hilltops of New Hampshire, let freedom ring. From the mighty mountains of New York, let freedom ring. From the heightening Alleghenies of Pennsylvania, let freedom ring. But not only that: Let freedom ring from every hill and molehill of Mississippi. -Martin Luther King Jr.': 4, "I think it's the duty of the comedian to find out where the line is drawn and cross it deliberately. -George Carlin": 1, 'Every decent man is ashamed of the government he lives under. -Henry Mencken': 1, 'Imagination is a quality given a man to compensate him for what he is not, and a sense of humor was provided to console him for what he is. -Oscar Wilde': 1, "It is necessary for the welfare of society that genius should be privileged to utter sedition, to blaspheme, to outrage good taste, to corrupt the youthful mind, and generally to scandalize one's uncles. -George Bernard Shaw": 1, 'We need not just a new generation of leadership but a new gender of leadership. -Bill Clinton': 2, 'It is the dissimilarities and inequalities among men which give rise to the notion of honor; as such differences become less, it grows feeble; and when they disappear, it will vanish too. -Alexis de Tocqueville': 1, "A University of Chicago professor said the greatest day in the world was when a water puppy crawled out on land and decided to stay. The water puppy, he said, went on to become a man. If he proves that, I am willing to give up Christmas, Thanksgiving, and New Year's Day, and to celebrate Water Puppy Day. -William Jennings Bryan": 1, 'Everyone is in awe of the lion tamer in a cage with half a dozen lions -- everyone but a school bus driver. -Laurence Peter': 1, 'You are young, my son, and, as the years go by, time will change and even reverse many of your present opinions. Refrain therefore awhile from setting yourself up as a judge of the highest matters. -Plato': 2, 'Originality is the fine art of remembering what you hear but forgetting where you heard it. -Laurence Peter': 1, 'Goldie and I did have a car stolen right out of our yard. It took us three days to notice. -Kurt Russell': 1, 'Never confuse the size of your paycheck with the size of your talent. -Marlon Brando': 2, 'The world is full of suffering. It is also full of overcoming it. -Helen Keller': 2, 'Of all bad men religious bad men are the worst. -C.S. Lewis': 1, 'The object of teaching a child is to enable him to get along without a teacher. -Elbert Hubbard': 1, "Middle age is when you've met so many people that every new person you meet reminds you of someone else. -Ogden Nash": 1, 'Politics has got so expensive that it takes lots of money to even get beat with. -Will Rogers': 1, 'If there is any principle of the Constitution that more imperatively calls for attachment than any other it is the principle of free thought, not free thought for those who agree with us but freedom for the thought that we hate. -Oliver Wendell Holmes': 2, 'Errors of haste are seldom committed singly. The first time a man always does too much. And precisely on that account he commits a second error, and then he does too little. -Friedrich Nietzsche': 1, 'There is no strength in unbelief. Even the unbelief of what is false is no source of might. It is the truth shining from behind that gives the strength to disbelieve. -George MacDonald': 2, "Of course I don't believe in it. But I understand that it brings you luck whether you believe in it or not. -Niels Bohr": 1, 'The eyes of the world are upon you. The hopes and prayers of liberty-loving people everywhere march with you. -Dwight Eisenhower': 2, "One thing they never tell you about child raising is that for the rest of your life, at the drop of a hat, you are expected to know your child's name and how old he or she is. -Erna Bombeck": 2, 'As I would not be a slave, so I would not be a master. This expresses my idea of democracy. Whatever differs from this, to the extent of the difference, is no democracy. -Abraham Lincoln': 2, "Duties are not performed for duty's sake, but because their neglect would make the man uncomfortable. A man performs but one duty - the duty of contenting his spirit, the duty of making himself agreeable to himself. -Mark Twain": 2, 'A typical vice of American politics is the avoidance of saying anything real on real issues. -Theodore Roosevelt': 2, 'Reason is experimental intelligence, conceived after the pattern of science, and used in the creation of social arts; it has something to do. It liberates man from the bondage of the past, due to ignorance and accident hardened into custom. It projects a better future and assists man in its realization. -John Dewey': 3, "A man can't be too careful in the choice of his enemies. -Oscar Wilde": 1, 'Diligence is the mother of good luck. -Benjamin Franklin': 1, 'Deliberation and debate is the way you stir the soul of our democracy. -Jesse Jackson': 1, 'Life is no brief candle to me. It is a sort of splendid torch which I have got a hold of for the moment, and I want to make it burn as brightly as possible before handing it onto future generations. -George Bernard Shaw': 2, 'Happiness is the full use of your powers along lines of excellence. -John F. Kennedy': 2, 'Karate is a form of marital arts in which people who have had years and years of training can, using only their hands and feet, make some of the worst movies in the history of the world. -Dave Barry': 4, "Don't ask God to change the laws of nature for you. -Nachman of Bratslav": 1, 'One of the striking differences between a cat and a lie is that a cat has only nine lives. -Mark Twain': 1, 'True wisdom comes to each of us when we realize how little we understand about life, ourselves, and the world around us. -Socrates': 1, 'Cowards die many times before their deaths. The valiant never taste of death but once. -William Shakespeare': 1, 'We have the Bill of Rights. What we need is a Bill of Responsibilities. -Bill Maher': 2, 'Four-fifths of all our troubles would disappear, if we would only sit down and keep still. -Calvin Coolidge': 1, 'There is a great deal of difference between an eager man who wants to read a book and the tired man who wants a book to read. -GK Chesterton': 1, 'Love is the wisdom of the fool and the folly of the wise. -Samuel Johnson': 2, 'If the United Nations once admits that international disputes can be settled by using force, then we will have destroyed the foundation of the organization and our best hope of establishing a world order. -Dwight Eisenhower': 2, "Without computers, the government would be unable to function at the level of effectiveness and efficiency that we have come to expect.  This is because the primary function of the government is -- and here I am quoting directly from the U.S. Constitution -- 'to spew out paper.' -Dave Barry": 2, 'Remember that happiness is a way of travel, not a destination. -Roy Goodman': 1, "A man's very highest moment is, I have no doubt at all, when he kneels in the dust, and beats his breast, and tells all the sins of his life. -Oscar Wilde": 1, 'Serious sport has nothing to do with fair play. It is bound up with hatred, jealousy, boastfulness, disregard of all rules and sadistic pleasure in witnessing violence. In other words: it is war minus the shooting. -George Orwell': 1, 'I mistrust the judgment of every man in a case in which his own wishes are concerned. -Daniel Webster': 1, 'We ascribe beauty to that which is simple; which has no superfluous parts; which exactly answers its end; which stands related to all things; which is the mean of many extremes. -Ralph Waldo Emerson': 1, 'The customs and fashions of men change like leaves on the bough, some of which go and others come. -Dante Alighieri': 2, "I'm a middle age white guy, which means I'm constantly reminded that my particular group is responsible for the oppression of every known minority PLUS most wars PLUS government corruption PLUS pollution of the environment, not to mention that it was middle-age white guys who killed Bambi's mom. -Dave Barry": 2, 'What we are today comes from our thoughts of yesterday and our present thoughts build our life tomorrow. Our life is the creation of our mind. -Siddhartha Buddha': 2, 'Of course the people dont want war...that is understood. But voice or no voice, the people can always be brought to the bidding of the leaders. That is easy. All you have to do is tell them they are being attacked, and denounce the pacifists for lack of patriotism and exposing the country to danger. It works the same in any country. -Hermann Goering': 3, "You give me a credit to which I have no claim in calling me 'the writer of the Constitution of the United States.' This was not, like the fabled Goddess of Wisdom, the offspring of a single brain. It ought to be regarded as the work of many heads and many hands. -James Madison": 5, "You cannot go on 'explaining away' for ever: you will find that you have explained explanation itself away. You cannot go on 'seeing through' things for ever. The whole point of seeing through something is to see something through it. -C.S. Lewis": 1, 'It is a grand mistake to think of being great without goodness and I pronounce it as certain that there was never a truly great man that was not at the same time truly virtuous. -Benjamin Franklin': 1, 'A Native American elder once described his own inner struggles in this manner: Inside of me there are two dogs. One of the dogs is mean and evil. The other dog is good. The mean dog fights the good dog all the time. When asked which dog wins, he reflected. -George Bernard Shaw': 2, "The function of RAM is to give us guys a way of deciding whose computer has the biggest, studliest, most tumescent MEMORY. This is important, because with today's complex software, the more memory a computer has, the faster it can produce error messages. So the bottom line is, if you're a guy, you cannot have enough RAM. -Dave Barry": 2, 'History does not long entrust the care of freedom to the weak or the timid. -Dwight Eisenhower': 1, "Thus far, the reputed idiot Bush has graduated from Yale and Harvard, made a stack of cash in the oil industry, become the first consecutive-term governor of Texas, defeated a dual-term VP for the presidency, and led his party to [November 5th's] extraordinary triumphs. Let his opponents keep calling him stupid; if they do, within five years Bush will be King of England, the Pope, and world Formula One motor racing champion. -Tim Blair": 3, 'If variety is the spice of life, marriage is the big can of leftover Spam. -Johnny Carson': 2, 'Poetry is the art of creating imaginary gardens with real toads. -Marianne Moore': 1, 'Surely what a man does when he is caught off his guard is the best evidence as to what sort of man he is. -C.S. Lewis': 1, 'Patience is the companion of wisdom. -Saint Augustine': 1, 'The ACLU is always yakking about the Constitution, and most of us are getting mighty tired of it. I mean, if the Constitution is so great, how come it was amended so many times? Huh? -Dave Barry': 2, 'It is by the goodness of God that, in this country, we have three benefits: freedom of speech, freedom of thought, and the wisdom never to use either. -Mark Twain': 3, 'The giving of love is an education in itself. -Eleanor Roosevelt': 1, 'Love is the triumph of imagination over intelligence. -Henry Mencken': 1, 'To be prepared for war is one of the most effectual means of preserving peace. -George Washington': 2, 'The best of life is conversation, and the greatest success is confidence, or perfect understanding between two people. -Ralph Waldo Emerson': 1, 'Every man must decide whether he will walk in the light of creative altruism or in the darkness of destructive selfishness. -Martin Luther King Jr.': 2, 'Rings and jewels are not gifts but apologies for gifts. The only true gift is a portion of yourself. -Ralph Waldo Emerson': 1, 'When the human race has once acquired a supersitition nothing short of death is ever likely to remove it. -Mark Twain': 1, 'You know what the fellow said: In Italy for thirty years under the Borgias they had warfare, terror, murder, and bloodshed, but they produced Michaelangelo, Leonardo Da Vinci, and the Renaissance. In Switzerland, they had brotherly love--they had five hundred years of democracy and peace, and what did they produce? The cuckoo clock. -Orson Welles': 1, 'Observe constantly that all things take place by change, and accustom thyself to consider that the nature of the Universe love nothing so much as to change. The Universe is change. -Marcus Aurelius': 1, 'To defend Western Europe we have to let the Pentagon buy all these tanks and guns and things, and the Pentagon is unable to buy any object that that costs less than a condominium in Vail. If the Pentagon needs, say, fruit, it will argue that it must have fruit that can withstand the rigors of combat conditions, and it will wind up purchasing the FX-700 Seedless Tactical Grape, which will cost $160,000 per bunch, and will have an 83 percent failure rate. -Dave Barry': 1, 'A government which robs Peter to pay Paul can always depend on the support of Paul. -George Bernard Shaw': 1, 'Let us not forget that the cultivation of the earth is the most important labor of man. When tillage begins, other arts will follow. The farmers, therefore, are the founders of civilization. -Daniel Webster': 3, "Many of life's failures are people who did not realize how close they were to success when they gave up. -Thomas Edison": 1, 'We know life is futile. A man who considers that his life is of very wonderful importance is awfully close to a padded cell. -Clarence Darrow': 1, 'Mothers are fonder than fathers of their children because they are more certain they are their own. -Aristotle': 1, 'Truth sits upon the lips of dying men. -Matthew Arnold': 1, 'There are no secrets to success. It is the result of preparation, hard work, and learning from failure. -Colin Powell': 1, "All I want out of life, is that when I walk down the street folks will say, 'There goes the greatest hitter that ever lived.' -Ted Williams": 1, 'There is only one force of history that can break the reign of hatred and resentment, and expose the pretensions of tyrants, and reward the hopes of the decent and tolerant, and that is the force of human freedom. -George W. Bush': 5, 'PRESIDENCY, n. The greased pig in the field game of American politics. -Ambrose Bierce': 1, 'We should take care not to make the intellect our god; it has, of course, powerful muscles, but no personality. -Albert Einstein': 1, 'The health of a democratic society may be measured by the quality of functions performed by private citizens. -Alexis de Tocqueville': 2, 'Patriotism is not short, frenzied outbursts of emotion, but the tranquil and steady dedication of a lifetime. -Adlai Stevenson': 2, 'Question with boldness even the existence of a God; because, if there be one, he must more approve of the homage of reason, than that of blind-folded fear. -Thomas Jefferson': 4, 'A great deal of intelligence can be invested in ignorance when the need for illusion is deep. -Saul Bellow': 1, 'The surest way of spoiling a pleasure is to start examining your satisfaction. -C.S. Lewis': 1, 'The greatest pleasure of life is love. -William Temple': 1, 'Grief can take care of itself, but to get the full value of joy you must have somebody to divide it with. -Mark Twain': 2, 'If the primary aim of a captain were to preserve his ship, he would keep it in port forever. -Thomas Aquinas': 1, 'The mind of the thoroughly well-informed man is a dreadful thing. It is like a bric-\xe0-brac shop, all monsters and dust, with everything priced above its proper value. -Oscar Wilde': 1, 'Of all lies, art is the least untrue. -Gustave Flaubert': 1, 'He who is of calm and happy nature will hardly feel the pressure of age, but to him who is of an opposite disposition youth and age are equally a burden. -Plato': 3, 'He has all the virtues I dislike and none of the vices I admire. -Winston Churchill': 1, "I have come to the conclusion that my subjective account of my motivation is largely mythical on almost all occasions. I don't know why I do things. -J.B.S. Haldane": 1, 'Freedom is the right to question and change the established way of doing things. It is the continuous revolution of the marketplace. It is the understanding that allows us to recognize shortcomings and seek solutions. -Ronald Reagan': 2, 'Advertising is the life of trade. -Calvin Coolidge': 1, 'Just think of the tragedy of teaching children not to doubt. -Clarence Darrow': 2, "'Tis the business of little minds to shrink, but he whose heart is firm, and whose conscience approves his conduct, will pursue his principles unto death. -Thomas Paine": 1, 'A few hours of mountain climbing turn a villain and a saint into two rather equal creature. Exhaustion is the shortest way to equality and fraternity, and liberty is added eventually by sleep. -Friedrich Nietzsche': 1, 'Nobody can have the consolations of religion or philosophy unless he has first experienced their desolations. -Aldous Huxley': 1, 'He wrapped himself in quotations--as a beggar would enfold himself in the purple of Emperors. -Rudyard Kipling': 1, "Don't knock the weather; nine-tenths of the people couldn't start a conversation if it didn't change once in a while. -Kin Hubbard": 1, "Don't take life too seriously; you'll never get out of it alive. -Elbert Hubbard": 1, "Instead of a trap door, what about a trap window? The guy looks out it, and if he leans too far, he falls out. Wait. I guess that's like a regular window. -Jack Handey": 1, 'If I feel physically as if the top of my head were taken off, I know that is poetry. -Emily Dickinson': 1, 'The good thing about being bisexual is that it doubles your chance of a date on a Saturday night. -Woody Allen': 1, 'I have often wondered how it is that every man loves himself more than all the rest of men, but yet sets less value on his own opinion of himself than on the opinion of others. -Marcus Aurelius': 3, 'How did it happen that their lips came together? How does it happen that birds sing, that snow melts, that the rose unfolds, that the dawn whitens behind the stark shapes of trees on the quivering summit of the hill? A kiss, and all was said. -Victor Hugo': 2, 'As scarce as truth is, the supply has always been in excess of the demand. -Josh Billings': 1, 'Rhis is to be asserted in general of men: that they are ungrateful, fickle, false, cowardly, covetous, and as long as you succeed, are yours entirely; they will offer you their blood, property, life, and children...when the need is far distant; but when it approaches, they will turn against you. -Nicolo Machiavelli': 1, "Unless the religious claims of the Bible are again acknowledged, its literary claims will, I think, be given only 'mouth honour' and that decreasingly. -C.S. Lewis": 1, 'PRESIDENT, n. The leading figure in a small group of men of whom \x97 and of whom only \x97 it is positively known that immense numbers of their countrymen did not want any of them for President. -Ambrose Bierce': 5, 'If a man is called to be a streetsweeper, he should sweep streets even as Michelangelo painted, or Beethoven composed music, or Shakespeare wrote poetry. He should sweep streets so well that all the host of heaven and earth will pause to say, here lived a great streetsweeper who did his job well. -Martin Luther King Jr.': 1, 'Returning violence for violence multiplies violence, adding deeper darkness to a night already devoid of stars. -Martin Luther King Jr.': 1, 'Humility is the foundation of all the other virtues hence, in the soul in which this virtue does not exist there cannot be any other virtue except in mere appearance. -Saint Augustine': 1, 'I believe the highest aspiration of man should be individual freedom and the development of the individual. -Ronald Reagan': 2, 'The leading cause of death among fashion models is falling through street grates. -Dave Barry': 1, "In every man's heart there is a secret nerve that answers to the vibrations of beauty. -Christopher Morley": 1, "The practice of art isn't to make a living. It's to make your soul grow. -Kurt Vonnegut": 1, "Money never made a man happy yet, nor will it. There is nothing in its nature to produce happiness. The more a man has, the more he wants. Instead of its filling a vacuum, it makes one. If it satisfies one want, it doubles and trebles that want another way. That was a true proverb of the wise man, rely upon it; ''Better is little with the fear of the Lord, than great treasure, and trouble therewith. -Benjamin Franklin": 3, 'He therefore is the truest friend to the liberty of this country who tries most to promote its virtue, and who, so far as his power and influence extend, will not suffer a man to be chosen into any office of power and trust who is not a wise and virtuous man. -Samuel Adams': 2, 'Analyzing humor is like dissecting a frog. Few people are interested and the frog dies of it. -E.B. White': 1, 'I am a strong believer in luck and I find the harder I work the more I have of it. -Benjamin Franklin': 1, 'Parting is all we know of heaven and all we need to know of hell. -Emily Dickinson': 2, 'I get to go to lots of overseas places, like Canada. -Britney Spears': 1, "My role in society, or any artist's or poet's role, is to try and express what we all feel. Not to tell people how to feel. Not as a preacher, not as a leader, but as a reflection of us all. -John Lennon": 1, 'It must be remembered that there is nothing more difficult to plan, more doubtful of success nor more dangerous to manage than the creation of a new system. For the initiator has the enmity of all who profit by the preservation of the old institution and merely lukewarm defenders in those who would gain by the new one. -Nicolo Machiavelli': 4, 'Since love grows within you, so beauty grows. For love is the beauty of the soul. -Saint Augustine': 1, 'If men will not act for themselves, what will they do when the benefit of their effort is for all? -Elbert Hubbard': 1, 'Punctuality is the thief of time. -Oscar Wilde': 1, "I have a hobby...I have the world's largest collection of sea shells. I keep it scattered on beaches all over the world. Maybe you've seen some of it... -Steven Wright": 2, 'Such is the delicacy of man alone, that no object is produced to his liking. He finds that in everything there is need for improvement. The whole industry of human life is employed not in procuring the supply of our three humble necessities, food, clothes and lodging, but in procuring the conveniences of it according to the nicety and delicacy of our tastes. -Adam Smith': 5, 'The philosophy of one century is the common sense of the next. -Henry Ward Beecher': 2, 'It behooves every man to remember that the work of the critic is of altogether secondary importance, and that, in the end, progress is accomplished by the man who does things. -Theodore Roosevelt': 2, 'The mystic chords of memory, stretching from every battlefield and patriot grave to every living heart and hearthstone all over this broad land, will yet swell the chorus of the Union, when again touched, as surely they will be, by the better angels of our nature. -Abraham Lincoln': 3, 'Love is a fruit in season at all times, and within reach of every hand. -Mother Teresa': 1, 'There are painters who transform the sun to a yellow spot, but there are others who with the help of their art and their intelligence, transform a yellow spot into the sun. -Pablo Picasso': 1, 'The surface of American society is covered with a layer of democratic paint, but from time to time one can see the old aristocratic colours breaking through. -Alexis de Tocqueville': 2, 'If a man is proud of his wealth, he should not be praised until it is known how he employs it. -Socrates': 1, "We all wish to be judged by our peers, by the men 'after our own heart.' Only they really know our mind and only they judge it by standards we fully acknowledge. Theirs is the praise we really covet and the blame we really dread. The little pockets of early Chrstians survived because they cared exclusively for the love of 'the bretheren' and stopped their ears to the opinion of the Pagan society around them. But a circle of criminals, cranks, or perverts survives in just the same way; by becoming deaf to the opinion of the outer world, by discounting it as the chatter of outsiders who 'don't understand,' of the 'conventional,' the 'bourgeois,' the 'Establishment,' of prigs, prudes, and humbugs. -C.S. Lewis": 8, 'Egalitarians create the most dangerous inequality of all -- inequality of power. Allowing politicians to determine what all other human beings will be allowed to earn is one of the most reckless gambles imaginable. Like the income tax, it may start off being applied only to the rich but it will inevitably reach us all. -Thomas Sowell': 3, "The statistics on sanity are that one out of every four Americans are suffering from some form of mental illness. Think of your three best friends. If they're okay, then it's you. -Rita Mae Brown": 3, "You know, there's a million fine looking women in the world, dude. But they don't all bring you lasagna at work. Most of 'em just cheat on you. -Kevin Smith": 1, 'The significant problems we face cannot be solved at the same level of thinking we were at when we created them. -Albert Einstein': 1, 'It is the madness of folly, to expect mercy from those who have refused to do justice; and even mercy, where conquest is the object, is only a trick of war; the cunning of the fox is as murderous as the violence of the wolf. -Thomas Paine': 4, 'All art is but imitation of nature. -Lucius Annaeus Seneca': 1, "I've been accused of vulgarity. I say that's bullshit. -Mel Brooks": 1, "One of the great attractions of patriotism -- it fulfills our worst wishes. In the person of our nation we are able, vicariously, to bully and cheat. Bully and cheat, what's more, with a feeling that we are profoundly virtuous. -Aldous Huxley": 3, 'You can discover more about a person in an hour of play than in a year of conversation. -Plato': 2, 'No doubt those who really founded modern science were usually those whose love of truth exceeded their love of power. -C.S. Lewis': 2, 'No passion so effectually robs the mind of all its powers of acting and reasoning as fear. -Edmund Burke': 2, 'There are very few monsters who warrant the fear we have of them. -Andr\xe9 Gide': 1, 'To know what is impenetrable to us really exists, manifesting itself as the highest wisdom and the most radiant beauty...this knowledge, this feeling is at the center of true religiousness. -Albert Einstein': 1, 'Those who expect to reap the blessings of freedom must, like men, undergo the fatigue of supporting it. -Thomas Paine': 2, 'Every difference of opinion is not a difference of principle. We have called by different names brethren of the same principle. -Thomas Jefferson': 3, 'Cooking was invented in prehistoric times, when a primitive tribe had a lucky accident. The tribe had killed an animal and was going to eat it raw, when a tribe member named Woog tripped and dropped it into the fire. At first the other tribe members were angry at Woog, but then, as the aroma of burning meat filled the air, they had an idea. So they ate Woog raw. -Dave Barry': 1, 'God loves each of us as if there were only one of us. -Saint Augustine': 2, 'Intoxicated with unbroken success, we have become too self-sufficient to feel the necessity of redeeming and preserving grace, too proud to pray to the God that made us. -Abraham Lincoln': 1, "Everybody can be great... because anybody can serve. You don't have to have a college degree to serve. You don't have to make your subject and verb agree to serve. You only need a heart full of grace. A soul generated by love. -Martin Luther King Jr.": 1, 'Just as your hand, held before the eye, can hide the tallest mountain, so this small earthly life keeps us from seeing the vast radiance that fills the core of the universe. -Nachman of Bratslav': 1, 'The mintage of wisdom is to know that rest is rust, and that real life is in love, laughter, and work. -Elbert Hubbard': 1, 'Forever is composed of nows. -Emily Dickinson': 1, 'Let us now set forth one of the fundamental truths about marriage: the wife is in charge. -Bill Cosby': 1, "Speeches are for the younger men who are going places. And I'm not going anyplace except six feet under the floor of that little chapel adjoining the museum and library at Abilene. -Dwight Eisenhower": 1, 'The Bible is not my book, and Christianity is not my religion. I could never give assent to the long, complicated statements of Christian dogma. -Abraham Lincoln': 1, 'There is no joy in life like the joy of sharing. -Billy Graham': 1, 'I arrive at the end of this review having done my duty as a critic. I have described the movie accurately and you have a good idea what you are in for if you go to see it. Most of you will not. I cannot argue with you. Some of you will--the brave and the curious. You embody the spirit of the man who first wondered what it would taste like to eat an oyster. -Roger Ebert': 4, 'If you will not fight for the right when you can easily win without bloodshed; if you will not fight when your victory will be sure and not too costly; you may come to the moment when you will have to fight with all the odds against you and only a small chance of survival. There may even be a worse case: you may have to fight when there is no hope of victory, because it is better to perish than to live as slaves. -Winston Churchill': 2, 'To me there has never been a higher source of earthly honor or distinction than that connected with advances in science. -Isaac Newton': 1, 'Opera is when a guy gets stabbed in the back and, instead of bleeding, he sings. -Ed Gardner': 1, 'Trust the people. This is the one irrefutable lesson of the entire postwar period contradicting the notion that rigid government controls are essential to economic development. -Ronald Reagan': 1, "No side will win the Battle of the Sexes. There's too much fraternizing with the enemy. -Henry Kissinger": 1, 'To be what we are, and to become what we are capable of becoming, is the only end of life. -Robert Louis Stevenson': 2, 'Have children while your parents are still young enough to take care of them. -Rita Rudner': 1, 'If God had wanted us to spend our time fretting about the problems of home ownership, He would never have invented beer. -Dave Barry': 1, 'The magic of first love is our ignorance that it can never end. -Benjamin Disraeli': 1, 'Man was made for action, and to promote by the exertion of his faculties such changes in the external circumstances both of himself and others, as may seem most favourable to the happiness of all. -Adam Smith': 3, "Associate yourself with men of good quality if you esteem your own reputation; for 'tis better to be alone than in bad company. -George Washington": 1, 'To explain the unknown by the known is a logical procedure; to explain the known by the unknown is a form of theological lunacy. -David Brooks': 1, "To me, it's always a good idea to always carry two sacks of something when you walk around. That way, if anybody says, 'Hey, can you give me a hand?,' you can say, 'Sorry, got these sacks.' -Jack Handey": 1, "What is a wedding? Webster's dictionary defines a wedding as 'the process of removing weeds from one's garden.' -Homer Simpson": 1, 'In the councils of government, we must guard against the acquisition of unwarranted influence, whether sought or unsought, by the military-industrial complex. -Dwight Eisenhower': 2, 'God does not give heed to the ambitiousness of our prayers, because he is always ready to give to us his light, not a visible light but an intellectual and spiritual one; but we are not always ready to receive it when we turn aside and down to other things out of a desire for temporal things. -Saint Augustine': 2, 'Women are the only realists; their whole object in life is to pit their realism against the extravagant, excessive, and occasionally drunken idealism of men. -GK Chesterton': 1, "Don't walk in front of me, I may not follow. Don't walk behind me, I may not lead. Just walk beside me and be my friend. -Albert Camus": 1, 'It is always thus, impelled by a state of mind which is destined not to last, that we make our irrevocable decisions. -Marcel Proust': 1, 'There is one thing alone that stands the brunt of life throughout its course: a quiet conscience. -Euripides': 1, 'The things that will destroy America are prosperity at any price, peace at any price, safety first instead of duty first, the love of soft living and the get rich quick theory of life. -Theodore Roosevelt': 3, 'Those who forget good and evil and seek only to know the facts are more likely to achieve good than those who view the world through the distorting medium of their own desires. -Bertrand Russell': 1, 'It is error alone which needs the support of government. Truth can stand by itself. -Thomas Jefferson': 1, 'Marriage is the alliance of two people, one of whom never remembers birthdays and the other who never forgets. -Ogden Nash': 2, 'Thus the metric system did not really catch on in the States, unless you count the increasing popularity of the nine-millimeter bullet. -Dave Barry': 1, 'Why, you can take the most gallant sailor, the most intrepid airman or the most audacious soldier, put them at a table together - what do you get? The sum of their fears. -Winston Churchill': 1, 'Love anything and your heart will be wrung and possibly broken. If you want to make sure of keeping it intact you must give it to no one, not even an animal. Wrap it carefully round with hobbies and little luxuries; avoid all entanglements. Lock it up safe in the casket or coffin of your selfishness. But in that casket, safe, dark, motionless, airless, it will change. It will not be broken; it will become unbreakable, impenetrable, irredeemable. To love is to be vulnerable. -C.S. Lewis': 2, 'Without question, the greatest invention in the history of mankind is beer. Oh, I grant you that the wheel was also a fine invention, but the wheel does not go nearly as well with pizza. -Dave Barry': 1, 'The United States stands at the pinnacle of world power. This is a solemn moment for the American democracy. For with primacy in power is joined an awe-inspiring accountability for the future. -Winston Churchill': 1, "Just because I look sexy on the cover of Rolling Stone doesn't mean I'm naughty. -Britney Spears": 1, 'If music be the food of love, play on. -William Shakespeare': 1, 'The hour of departure has arrived, and we go our ways - I to die, and you to live. Which is better God only knows. -Plato': 1, 'On account of being a democracy and run by the people, we are the only nation in the world that has to keep a government four years, no matter what it does. -Will Rogers': 1, 'If tyranny and oppression come to this land, it will be in the guise of fighting a foreign enemy. -James Madison': 1, 'The broad masses of a population are more amenable to the appeal of rhetoric than to any other force. -Adolf Hitler': 2, 'The laws of gravity cannot be held responsible for people falling in love. -Albert Einstein': 1, 'I feel impelled to speak today in a language that in a sense is new-one which I, who have spent so much of my life in the military profession, would have preferred never to use. That new language is the language of atomic warfare. -Dwight Eisenhower': 2, "Is there anything more beautiful than a beautiful, beautiful flamingo, flying across in front of a beautiful sunset? And he's carrying a beautiful rose in his beak, and also he's carrying a very beautiful painting with his feet. And also, you're drunk. -Jack Handey": 1, 'The heart has its reasons, of which the mind knows nothing. -Blaise Pascal': 1, "No distance of place or lapse of time can lessen the friendship of those who are thoroughly persuaded of each other's worth. -Robert Southey": 4, "I'm never going to be famous. My name will never be writ large on the roster of Those Who Do Things. I don't do any thing. Not one single thing. I used to bite my nails, but I don't even do that any more. -Dorothy Parker": 1, 'In any fairly large and talkative community such as a university there is always the danger that those who think alike should gravitate together where they will henceforth encounter opposition only in the emasculated form of rumour that the outsiders say thus and thus. The absent are easily refuted, complacent dogmatism thrives, and differences of opinion are embittered by the group hostility. Each group hears not the best, but the worst, that the other group can say. -C.S. Lewis': 2, 'There are perhaps no days of our childhood we lived so fully as those we spent with a favorite book. -Marcel Proust': 1, 'I love writing. I love the swirl and swing of words as they tangle with human emotions. -James Michener': 1, "We seem to be going through a period of nostalgia, and everyone seems to think yesterday was better than today. I don't think it was, and I would advise you not to wait ten years before admitting today was great. If you're hung up on nostalgia, pretend today is yesterday and just go out and have one hell of a time. -Art Buchwald": 2, 'All men are timid on entering any fight. Whether it is the first or the last fight, all of us are timid. Cowards are those who let their timidity get the better of their manhood. -George Patton': 2, "Art is man's expression of his joy in labor. -Henry Kissinger": 1, 'The difference between sex and death is that with death you can do it alone and no one is going to make fun of you. -Woody Allen': 1, 'Reason and judgment are the qualities of a leader. -Tacitus': 1, 'Demoralize the enemy from within by surprise, terror, sabotage, assassination. This is the war of the future. -Adolf Hitler': 1, "Cocaine is God's way of telling someone that they're too rich. -Robin Williams": 1, 'One can resist the invasion of an army but one cannot resist the invasion of ideas. -Victor Hugo': 2, 'If you are resolutely determined to make a lawyer of yourself, the thing is more than half done already. -Abraham Lincoln': 1, 'That the innocent, though they may have some connexion or dependency upon the guilty (which, perhaps, they themselves cannot help), should not, upon that account, suffer or be punished for the guilty, is one of the plainest and most obvious rules of justice. -Adam Smith': 2, 'This does not mean that the enemy is to be allowed to escape. The object is to make him believe that there is a road to safety, and thus prevent his fighting with the courage of despair. After that, you may crush him. -Sun Tzu': 1, 'I believe one of the reasons so many do not get a higher education is the fear of their parents that they will lose more morally than they will receive mentally. -William Jennings Bryan': 2, 'It takes a lot of courage to show your dreams to someone else. -Erna Bombeck': 1, 'Those who bring sunshine to the lives of others, cannot keep it from themselves. -James Matthew Barrie': 1, 'I like television. I still believe that television is the most powerful form of communication on Earth -- I just hate what is being done with it. -Alton Brown': 1, 'Are you entitled to the fruits of your labor or does government have some presumptive right to spend and spend and spend? -Ronald Reagan': 1, 'Happy, happy Christmas, that can win us back to the delusions of our childhood days, recall to the old man the pleasures of his youth, and transport the traveler back to his own fireside and quiet home! -Charles Dickens': 2, 'Accept the challenges so that you can feel the exhilaration of victory. -George Patton': 1, 'On the plus side, death is one of the few things that can be done just as easily lying down. -Woody Allen': 1, 'If you have an apple and I have an apple and we exchange these apples then you and I will still each have one apple. But if you have an idea and I have an idea and we exchange these ideas, then each of us will have two ideas. -George Bernard Shaw': 1, 'Under the doctrine of the separation of powers, the manner in which the president personally exercises his assigned executive powers is not subject to questioning by another branch of government. -Richard Nixon': 3, "If Jack's in love, he's no judge of Jill's beauty. -Benjamin Franklin": 1, 'Avoid the base hypocrisy of condemning in one man what you pass over in silence when committed by another. -Theodore Roosevelt': 1, "I think computer viruses should count as life. I think it says something about human nature that the only form of life we have created so far is purely destructive. We've created life in our own image. -Stephen Hawking": 1, "Blood is the ink of our life's story. -Jason Mechalek": 1, 'The Democrats seem to be basically nicer people, but they have demonstrated time and again that they have the management skills of celery. -Dave Barry': 1, "To grasp the full significance of life is the actor's duty, to interpret it is his problem and to express it his dedication. -Marlon Brando": 1, 'The least of things with a meaning is worth more in life than the greatest of things without it. -Carl Jung': 2, 'Fanaticism consists of redoubling your efforts when you have forgotten your aim. -George Santayana': 1, 'A journey of a thousand miles begins with a single step. -Confucius': 1, 'Never give in--never, never, never, never, in nothing great or small, large or petty, never give in except to convictions of honour and good sense. Never yield to force; never yield to the apparently overwhelming might of the enemy. -Winston Churchill': 2, "The days of looking the other way while despotic regimes trample human rights, rob their nations' wealth, and then excuse their failings by feeding their people a steady diet of anti-Western hatred are over. -Dick Cheney": 2, 'To have the reputation of possessing the most perfect social tact, talk to every woman as if you loved her, and to every man as if he bored you. -Oscar Wilde': 1, 'The covers of this book are too far apart. -Ambrose Bierce': 1, 'Words which do not give the light of Christ increase the darkness. -Mother Teresa': 1, 'Americans are so enamored of equality, they would rather be equal in slavery than unequal in freedom. -Alexis de Tocqueville': 1, 'Science is facts; just as houses are made of stones, so is science made of facts; but a pile of stones is not a house and a collection of facts is not necessarily science. -Henri Poincare': 4, 'Though force can protect in emergency, only justice, fairness, consideration and cooperation can finally lead men to the dawn of eternal peace. -Dwight Eisenhower': 1} 
industry {'Such is the delicacy of man alone, that no object is produced to his liking. He finds that in everything there is need for improvement. The whole industry of human life is employed not in procuring the supply of our three humble necessities, food, clothes and lodging, but in procuring the conveniences of it according to the nicety and delicacy of our tastes. -Adam Smith': 1, "Thus far, the reputed idiot Bush has graduated from Yale and Harvard, made a stack of cash in the oil industry, become the first consecutive-term governor of Texas, defeated a dual-term VP for the presidency, and led his party to [November 5th's] extraordinary triumphs. Let his opponents keep calling him stupid; if they do, within five years Bush will be King of England, the Pope, and world Formula One motor racing champion. -Tim Blair": 1} 
violence {'Returning violence for violence multiplies violence, adding deeper darkness to a night already devoid of stars. -Martin Luther King Jr.': 3, 'Serious sport has nothing to do with fair play. It is bound up with hatred, jealousy, boastfulness, disregard of all rules and sadistic pleasure in witnessing violence. In other words: it is war minus the shooting. -George Orwell': 1, 'It is the madness of folly, to expect mercy from those who have refused to do justice; and even mercy, where conquest is the object, is only a trick of war; the cunning of the fox is as murderous as the violence of the wolf. -Thomas Paine': 1, 'War - an act of violence whose object is to constrain the enemy, to accomplish our will. -George Washington': 1, 'People sleep peaceably in their beds at night only because rough men stand ready to do violence on their behalf. -George Orwell': 1} 
favorite {'There are perhaps no days of our childhood we lived so fully as those we spent with a favorite book. -Marcel Proust': 1} 
generated {"Everybody can be great... because anybody can serve. You don't have to have a college degree to serve. You don't have to make your subject and verb agree to serve. You only need a heart full of grace. A soul generated by love. -Martin Luther King Jr.": 1} 
whence {'If all our misfortunes were laid in one common heap, whence everyone must take an equal portion, most people would be content to take their own and depart. -Socrates': 1} 
wolf {'It is the madness of folly, to expect mercy from those who have refused to do justice; and even mercy, where conquest is the object, is only a trick of war; the cunning of the fox is as murderous as the violence of the wolf. -Thomas Paine': 1} 
stand {"Being president is like being a jackass in a hailstorm. There's nothing to do but stand there and take it. -Lyndon B. Johnson": 1, 'It is error alone which needs the support of government. Truth can stand by itself. -Thomas Jefferson': 1, 'People sleep peaceably in their beds at night only because rough men stand ready to do violence on their behalf. -George Orwell': 1} 
pockets {"We all wish to be judged by our peers, by the men 'after our own heart.' Only they really know our mind and only they judge it by standards we fully acknowledge. Theirs is the praise we really covet and the blame we really dread. The little pockets of early Chrstians survived because they cared exclusively for the love of 'the bretheren' and stopped their ears to the opinion of the Pagan society around them. But a circle of criminals, cranks, or perverts survives in just the same way; by becoming deaf to the opinion of the outer world, by discounting it as the chatter of outsiders who 'don't understand,' of the 'conventional,' the 'bourgeois,' the 'Establishment,' of prigs, prudes, and humbugs. -C.S. Lewis": 1} 
act {'Against criticism a man can neither protest nor defend himself; he must act in spite of it, and then it will gradually yield to him. -Johann Wolfgang von Goethe': 1, 'War - an act of violence whose object is to constrain the enemy, to accomplish our will. -George Washington': 1, 'Forgiveness is not an occasional act: it is a permanent attitude. -Martin Luther King Jr.': 1, 'We are what we repeatedly do. Excellence, therefore, is not an act, but a habit. -Aristotle': 1, 'The act of policing is, in order to punish less often, to punish more severely. -Napoleon Bonaparte': 1, 'If men will not act for themselves, what will they do when the benefit of their effort is for all? -Elbert Hubbard': 1} 
sadistic {'Serious sport has nothing to do with fair play. It is bound up with hatred, jealousy, boastfulness, disregard of all rules and sadistic pleasure in witnessing violence. In other words: it is war minus the shooting. -George Orwell': 1} 
mean {'There are men in all ages who mean to govern well, but they mean to govern. They promise to be good masters, but they mean to be masters. -Daniel Webster': 3, 'We ascribe beauty to that which is simple; which has no superfluous parts; which exactly answers its end; which stands related to all things; which is the mean of many extremes. -Ralph Waldo Emerson': 1, "Just because I look sexy on the cover of Rolling Stone doesn't mean I'm naughty. -Britney Spears": 1, 'A Native American elder once described his own inner struggles in this manner: Inside of me there are two dogs. One of the dogs is mean and evil. The other dog is good. The mean dog fights the good dog all the time. When asked which dog wins, he reflected. -George Bernard Shaw': 2, 'To write a good love letter, you ought to begin without knowing what you mean to say and to finish without knowing what you have written. -Jean-Jacques Rousseau': 1, 'This does not mean that the enemy is to be allowed to escape. The object is to make him believe that there is a road to safety, and thus prevent his fighting with the courage of despair. After that, you may crush him. -Sun Tzu': 1, 'The ACLU is always yakking about the Constitution, and most of us are getting mighty tired of it. I mean, if the Constitution is so great, how come it was amended so many times? Huh? -Dave Barry': 1} 
or {"When this girl at the museum asked me who I liked better, Monet or Manet, I said, 'I like mayonnaise.' She just stared at me, so I said it again, louder. Then she left. I guess she went to try to find some mayonnaise for me. -Jack Handey": 1, 'Any reviewer who expresses rage and loathing for a novel is preposterous. He or she is like a person who has put on full armor and attacked a hot fudge sundae. -Kurt Vonnegut': 1, 'Nobody can have the consolations of religion or philosophy unless he has first experienced their desolations. -Aldous Huxley': 1, 'She is not perfect. You are not perfect. The question is whether or not you are perfect for each other. -Robin Williams': 1, "Happiness is so hard to define and foolish to define. Am I acting? That's the worst thing you can ask yourself. You can be happy suddenly. It can spring on you, not when you reach a plateau. You can be happy going backward or going down. You can be happy at the loss of something. -Steve Martin": 1, 'In the councils of government, we must guard against the acquisition of unwarranted influence, whether sought or unsought, by the military-industrial complex. -Dwight Eisenhower': 1, 'Love means loving the unlovable - or it is no virtue at all. -GK Chesterton': 1, "The puritanism of Christianity has played havoc with the moderation that an enlightened and tolerant critical spirit would have produced. I've noticed that in whatever country, county, town, or other region there is a regulation enjoining temperance, the population seems to be entirely composed of teetotallers and drunkards. There's a Bible on that shelf there. But I keep it next to Voltaire - poison and antidote. -Bertrand Russell": 1, 'No man will make a great leader who wants to do it all himself or get all the credit for doing it. -Andrew Carnegie': 1, 'If you start to think about your physical or moral condition, you usually find that you are sick. -Johann Wolfgang von Goethe': 1, 'The Nation which indulges toward another an habitual hatred or an habitual fondness is in some degree a slave. It is a slave to its animosity or to its affection, either of which is sufficient to lead it astray from its duty and its interest. -George Washington': 2, 'Nothing separates the generations more than music. By the time a child is eight or nine, he has developed a passion for his own music that is even stronger than his passions for procrastination and weird clothes. -Bill Cosby': 1, 'The greatest happiness of life is the conviction that we are loved, loved for ourselves, or rather, loved in spite of ourselves. -Victor Hugo': 1, 'No sooner do we depart from sense and instinct to follow reason but we are insensibly drawn into uncouth paradoxes, difficulties, and inconsistencies, which multiply and grow upon us as we advance in speculation; till at length, having wandered through many intricate mazes, we find ourselves just where we were, or, which is worse, sit down in a forlorn scepticism. -George Berkeley': 1, "Of course I don't believe in it. But I understand that it brings you luck whether you believe in it or not. -Niels Bohr": 1, 'That the innocent, though they may have some connexion or dependency upon the guilty (which, perhaps, they themselves cannot help), should not, upon that account, suffer or be punished for the guilty, is one of the plainest and most obvious rules of justice. -Adam Smith': 2, "One thing they never tell you about child raising is that for the rest of your life, at the drop of a hat, you are expected to know your child's name and how old he or she is. -Erna Bombeck": 1, 'Why, you can take the most gallant sailor, the most intrepid airman or the most audacious soldier, put them at a table together - what do you get? The sum of their fears. -Winston Churchill': 1, 'You are never too old to set another goal or to dream a new dream. -C.S. Lewis': 1, 'Few people think more than two or three times a year. I have made an international reputation for myself by thinking once or twice a week. -George Bernard Shaw': 2, 'If a man is called to be a streetsweeper, he should sweep streets even as Michelangelo painted, or Beethoven composed music, or Shakespeare wrote poetry. He should sweep streets so well that all the host of heaven and earth will pause to say, here lived a great streetsweeper who did his job well. -Martin Luther King Jr.': 2, 'All human actions have one or more of these seven causes: chance, nature, compulsions, habit, reason, passion, desire. -Aristotle': 1, 'The cost of freedom is always high, but Americans have always paid it. And one path we shall never choose, and that is the path of surrender, or submission. -John F. Kennedy': 1, 'Either write something worth reading or do something worth writing. -Benjamin Franklin': 1, "My role in society, or any artist's or poet's role, is to try and express what we all feel. Not to tell people how to feel. Not as a preacher, not as a leader, but as a reflection of us all. -John Lennon": 2, 'It is only our bad temper that we put down to being tired or worried or hungry; we put our good temper down to ourselves. -C.S. Lewis': 2, "No distance of place or lapse of time can lessen the friendship of those who are thoroughly persuaded of each other's worth. -Robert Southey": 1, 'Children today know more about sex than I or my father did. -Bill Cosby': 1, "If your kid makes one of those little homemade guitars out of a cigar box and rubber bands, don't let him just play it once or twice and then throw it away. Make him practice on it, every day, for about three hours a day. Later, he'll thank you. -Jack Handey": 1, "When they call the roll in the Senate, the Senators do not know whether to answer 'Present' or 'Not guilty.' -Theodore Roosevelt": 1, "Playwriting gets into your blood and you can't stop it. At least, not until the producers or the public tell you to. -T.S. Eliot": 1, 'All men are timid on entering any fight. Whether it is the first or the last fight, all of us are timid. Cowards are those who let their timidity get the better of their manhood. -George Patton': 1, 'Of course the people dont want war...that is understood. But voice or no voice, the people can always be brought to the bidding of the leaders. That is easy. All you have to do is tell them they are being attacked, and denounce the pacifists for lack of patriotism and exposing the country to danger. It works the same in any country. -Hermann Goering': 1, "We all wish to be judged by our peers, by the men 'after our own heart.' Only they really know our mind and only they judge it by standards we fully acknowledge. Theirs is the praise we really covet and the blame we really dread. The little pockets of early Chrstians survived because they cared exclusively for the love of 'the bretheren' and stopped their ears to the opinion of the Pagan society around them. But a circle of criminals, cranks, or perverts survives in just the same way; by becoming deaf to the opinion of the outer world, by discounting it as the chatter of outsiders who 'don't understand,' of the 'conventional,' the 'bourgeois,' the 'Establishment,' of prigs, prudes, and humbugs. -C.S. Lewis": 1, 'The best and most beautiful things in the world cannot be seen or even touched. They must be felt with the heart. -Helen Keller': 1, 'There is hardly a political question in the United States which does not sooner or later turn into a judicial one. -Alexis de Tocqueville': 1, 'Never give in--never, never, never, never, in nothing great or small, large or petty, never give in except to convictions of honour and good sense. Never yield to force; never yield to the apparently overwhelming might of the enemy. -Winston Churchill': 2, 'In the Orthodox spiritual tradition, the ultimate moral question we ask is the following: Is what we are doing, is what I am doing, beautiful or not? -Carolyn Gifford': 1, "The only kind of seafood I trust is the fish stick, a totally featureless fish that doesn't have eyeballs or fins. -Dave Barry": 1, 'Education is the ability to listen to almost anything without losing your temper or your self-confidence. -Robert Frost': 1, 'Are you entitled to the fruits of your labor or does government have some presumptive right to spend and spend and spend? -Ronald Reagan': 1, 'Man is the only animal that blushes - or needs to. -Mark Twain': 1, 'Every man must decide whether he will walk in the light of creative altruism or in the darkness of destructive selfishness. -Martin Luther King Jr.': 1, 'The whole life of an American is passed like a game of chance, a revolutionary crisis, or a battle. -Alexis de Tocqueville': 1, 'Love anything and your heart will be wrung and possibly broken. If you want to make sure of keeping it intact you must give it to no one, not even an animal. Wrap it carefully round with hobbies and little luxuries; avoid all entanglements. Lock it up safe in the casket or coffin of your selfishness. But in that casket, safe, dark, motionless, airless, it will change. It will not be broken; it will become unbreakable, impenetrable, irredeemable. To love is to be vulnerable. -C.S. Lewis': 1, 'History does not long entrust the care of freedom to the weak or the timid. -Dwight Eisenhower': 1, 'He that would live in peace and at ease must not speak all he knows or all he sees. -Benjamin Franklin': 1, 'A man who desires to get married should know either everything or nothing. -Oscar Wilde': 1, 'Experience proves this, or that, or nothing, according to the preconceptions we bring to it. -C.S. Lewis': 2, 'To me there has never been a higher source of earthly honor or distinction than that connected with advances in science. -Isaac Newton': 1, 'Nothing before had ever made me thoroughly realise, though I had read various scientific books, that science consists in grouping facts so that general laws or conclusions may be drawn from them. -Charles Darwin': 1, 'The best of life is conversation, and the greatest success is confidence, or perfect understanding between two people. -Ralph Waldo Emerson': 1} 
road {"We all want progress, but if you're on the wrong road, progress means doing an about-turn and walking back to the right road; in that case, the man who turns back soonest is the most progressive. -C.S. Lewis": 2, 'If you see ten troubles coming down the road, you can be sure that nine will run into the ditch before they reach you. -Calvin Coolidge': 1, 'This does not mean that the enemy is to be allowed to escape. The object is to make him believe that there is a road to safety, and thus prevent his fighting with the courage of despair. After that, you may crush him. -Sun Tzu': 1} 
tribe {'Cooking was invented in prehistoric times, when a primitive tribe had a lucky accident. The tribe had killed an animal and was going to eat it raw, when a tribe member named Woog tripped and dropped it into the fire. At first the other tribe members were angry at Woog, but then, as the aroma of burning meat filled the air, they had an idea. So they ate Woog raw. -Dave Barry': 4} 
ambrose bierce {'Ocean: A body of water occupying 2/3 of a world made for man...who has no gills. -Ambrose Bierce': 1, 'Being is desirable because it is identical with Beauty, and Beauty is loved because it is Being. We ourselves possess Beauty when we are true to our own being; ugliness is in going over to another order; knowing ourselves, we are beautiful; in self-ignorance, we are ugly. -Ambrose Bierce': 1, 'The covers of this book are too far apart. -Ambrose Bierce': 1, 'Wedding: a ceremony at which two persons undertake to become one, one undertakes to become nothing, and nothing undertakes to become supportable. -Ambrose Bierce': 1, 'PRESIDENCY, n. The greased pig in the field game of American politics. -Ambrose Bierce': 1, 'PRESIDENT, n. The leading figure in a small group of men of whom \x97 and of whom only \x97 it is positively known that immense numbers of their countrymen did not want any of them for President. -Ambrose Bierce': 1} 
burning {'Cooking was invented in prehistoric times, when a primitive tribe had a lucky accident. The tribe had killed an animal and was going to eat it raw, when a tribe member named Woog tripped and dropped it into the fire. At first the other tribe members were angry at Woog, but then, as the aroma of burning meat filled the air, they had an idea. So they ate Woog raw. -Dave Barry': 1} 
whites {"When we're unemployed, we're called lazy; when the whites are unemployed it's called a depression. -Jesse Jackson": 1} 
instruments {'The means of defense against foreign danger historically have become the instruments of tyranny at home. -James Madison': 1} 
disarmed {'Rome remained free for four hundred years and Sparta eight hundred, although their citizens were armed all that time; but many other states that have been disarmed have lost their liberties in less than forty years. -Nicolo Machiavelli': 1} 
rising {'When an American says that he loves his country, he means not only that he loves the New England hills, the prairies glistening in the sun, the wide and rising plains, the great mountains, and the sea. He means that he loves an inner air, an inner light in which freedom lives and in which a man can draw the breath of self-respect. -Adlai Stevenson': 1} 
determine {'The direction in which education starts a man will determine his future life. -Plato': 1, 'Egalitarians create the most dangerous inequality of all -- inequality of power. Allowing politicians to determine what all other human beings will be allowed to earn is one of the most reckless gambles imaginable. Like the income tax, it may start off being applied only to the rich but it will inevitably reach us all. -Thomas Sowell': 1} 
parties {"What I don't like about office Christmas parties is looking for a job the next day. -Phyllis Diller": 1} 
effort {'Satisfaction lies in the effort, not in the attainment. Full effort is full victory. -Mahatma Gandhi': 2, 'It is astonishing what an effort it seems to be for many people to put their brains definitely and systematically to work. -Thomas Edison': 1, 'If men will not act for themselves, what will they do when the benefit of their effort is for all? -Elbert Hubbard': 1} 
financial {'Experts tell us that if the Millennium Bug is not fixed, when the year 2000 arrives, our financial records will be inaccurate, our telephone system will be unreliable, our government will be paralyzed and airline flights will be canceled without warning. In other words, things will be pretty much the same as they are now. -Dave Barry': 1} 
happening {"I'm the type who'd be happy not going anywhere as long as I was sure I knew exactly what was happening at the places I wasn't going to. I'm the type who'd like to sit home and watch every party that I'm invited to on a monitor in my bedroom. -Andy Warhol": 1} 
shrinking {'Death is psychologically as important as birth. Shrinking away from it is something unhealthy and abnormal which robs the second half of life of its purpose. -Carl Jung': 1} 
your {"Dying is the most embarrassing thing that can ever happen to you, because someone's got to take care of all your details. -Andy Warhol": 1, 'Just as your hand, held before the eye, can hide the tallest mountain, so this small earthly life keeps us from seeing the vast radiance that fills the core of the universe. -Nachman of Bratslav': 1, "Associate yourself with men of good quality if you esteem your own reputation; for 'tis better to be alone than in bad company. -George Washington": 1, 'Never confuse the size of your paycheck with the size of your talent. -Marlon Brando': 2, "Everybody can be great... because anybody can serve. You don't have to have a college degree to serve. You don't have to make your subject and verb agree to serve. You only need a heart full of grace. A soul generated by love. -Martin Luther King Jr.": 1, "The only way to keep your health is to eat what you don't want, drink what you don't like, and do what you'd rather not. -Mark Twain": 1, 'If you start to think about your physical or moral condition, you usually find that you are sick. -Johann Wolfgang von Goethe': 1, 'No one can make you feel inferior without your consent. -Eleanor Roosevelt': 1, 'And what\x92s romance? Usually, a nice little tale where you have everything As You Like It, where rain never wets your jacket and gnats never bite your nose and it\x92s always daisy-time. -D.H. Lawrence': 2, 'The recipe for perpetual ignorance is: be satisfied with your opinions and content with your knowledge. -Elbert Hubbard': 2, "You should do your own car repairs. It's an easy way to save money and possibly maim yourself for life. -Dave Barry": 1, "One thing they never tell you about child raising is that for the rest of your life, at the drop of a hat, you are expected to know your child's name and how old he or she is. -Erna Bombeck": 2, "You can't depend on your eyes when your imagination is out of focus. -Mark Twain": 2, 'Cast your cares on God; that anchor holds. -Frank Moore Colby': 1, 'Once you have flown, you will walk the earth with your eyes turned skywards, for there you have been, and there you long to return. -Leonardo da Vinci': 1, 'It is your work in life that is the ultimate seduction. -Pablo Picasso': 1, 'Happiness is the full use of your powers along lines of excellence. -John F. Kennedy': 1, 'When you have the facts on your side, argue the facts. When you have the law on your side, argue the law. When you have neither, holler. -Al Gore': 2, "The practice of art isn't to make a living. It's to make your soul grow. -Kurt Vonnegut": 1, 'You are young, my son, and, as the years go by, time will change and even reverse many of your present opinions. Refrain therefore awhile from setting yourself up as a judge of the highest matters. -Plato': 1, 'Some of your countrymen were unable to distinguish between their native dislike for war and the stainless patriotism of those who suffered its scars. But there has been a rethinking and now we can say to you, and say as a nation, thank you for your courage. -Ronald Reagan': 2, "If your kid makes one of those little homemade guitars out of a cigar box and rubber bands, don't let him just play it once or twice and then throw it away. Make him practice on it, every day, for about three hours a day. Later, he'll thank you. -Jack Handey": 1, 'It is your mind that creates this world. -Siddhartha Buddha': 1, 'I like your Christ, I do not like your Christians. Your Christians are so unlike your Christ. -Mahatma Gandhi': 4, "Playwriting gets into your blood and you can't stop it. At least, not until the producers or the public tell you to. -T.S. Eliot": 1, 'Have children while your parents are still young enough to take care of them. -Rita Rudner': 1, 'Ask not what your country can do for you - ask what you can do for your country. -John F. Kennedy': 2, "The statistics on sanity are that one out of every four Americans are suffering from some form of mental illness. Think of your three best friends. If they're okay, then it's you. -Rita Mae Brown": 1, 'Your faith is what you believe, not what you know. -Mark Twain': 1, 'Education is the ability to listen to almost anything without losing your temper or your self-confidence. -Robert Frost': 2, 'The good thing about being bisexual is that it doubles your chance of a date on a Saturday night. -Woody Allen': 1, 'If eighty percent of your sales come from twenty percent of all of your items, just carry those twenty percent. -Henry Kissinger': 2, 'Are you entitled to the fruits of your labor or does government have some presumptive right to spend and spend and spend? -Ronald Reagan': 1, 'Always leave something to wish for; otherwise you will be miserable from your very happiness. -Baltasar Gracian': 1, 'It is better to keep your mouth closed and let people think you are a fool than to open it and remove all doubt. -Mark Twain': 1, 'Your children need your presence more than your presents. -Jesse Jackson': 3, 'The object of war is not to die for your country but to make the other bastard die for his. -George Patton': 1, 'Love anything and your heart will be wrung and possibly broken. If you want to make sure of keeping it intact you must give it to no one, not even an animal. Wrap it carefully round with hobbies and little luxuries; avoid all entanglements. Lock it up safe in the casket or coffin of your selfishness. But in that casket, safe, dark, motionless, airless, it will change. It will not be broken; it will become unbreakable, impenetrable, irredeemable. To love is to be vulnerable. -C.S. Lewis': 2, 'It takes a lot of courage to show your dreams to someone else. -Erna Bombeck': 1, 'Fanaticism consists of redoubling your efforts when you have forgotten your aim. -George Santayana': 2, 'Show me your hands. Do they have scars from giving? Show me your feet. Are they wounded in service? Show me your heart. Have you left a place for divine love? -Fulton J. Sheen': 3, "If you could kick the person in the pants responsible for most of your trouble, you wouldn't sit for a month. -Theodore Roosevelt": 1, "It is a scientific fact that your body will not absorb cholesterol if you take it from another person's plate. -Dave Barry": 1, 'To you taxpayers out there, let me say this: Make sure you file your tax return on time! And remember that, even though income taxes can be a \x93pain in the neck,\x94 the folks at the IRS are regular people just like you, except that they can destroy your life. -Dave Barry': 2, 'If you will not fight for the right when you can easily win without bloodshed; if you will not fight when your victory will be sure and not too costly; you may come to the moment when you will have to fight with all the odds against you and only a small chance of survival. There may even be a worse case: you may have to fight when there is no hope of victory, because it is better to perish than to live as slaves. -Winston Churchill': 1, "If you're in a boxing match, try not to let the other guy's glove touch your lips, because you don't know where that glove has been. -Jack Handey": 1, 'The surest way of spoiling a pleasure is to start examining your satisfaction. -C.S. Lewis': 1} 
antitobacco {".I had to face the horrible truth: The antitobacco people are lying. Smoking really is cool. And I'm less cool for not doing it. -Tucker Carlson": 1} 
cared {"We all wish to be judged by our peers, by the men 'after our own heart.' Only they really know our mind and only they judge it by standards we fully acknowledge. Theirs is the praise we really covet and the blame we really dread. The little pockets of early Chrstians survived because they cared exclusively for the love of 'the bretheren' and stopped their ears to the opinion of the Pagan society around them. But a circle of criminals, cranks, or perverts survives in just the same way; by becoming deaf to the opinion of the outer world, by discounting it as the chatter of outsiders who 'don't understand,' of the 'conventional,' the 'bourgeois,' the 'Establishment,' of prigs, prudes, and humbugs. -C.S. Lewis": 1} 
grates {'The leading cause of death among fashion models is falling through street grates. -Dave Barry': 1} 
her {'To have the reputation of possessing the most perfect social tact, talk to every woman as if you loved her, and to every man as if he bored you. -Oscar Wilde': 1, "A diplomat is a man who always remembers a woman's birthday but never remembers her age. -Robert Frost": 1, 'She was what we used to call a suicide blond - dyed by her own hand. -Saul Bellow': 1, "God help the man who won't marry until he finds a perfect woman, and God help him still more if he finds her. -Benjamin Tillet": 1, "To find out a girl's faults, praise her to her girl friends. -Benjamin Franklin": 2} 
shells {"I have a hobby...I have the world's largest collection of sea shells. I keep it scattered on beaches all over the world. Maybe you've seen some of it... -Steven Wright": 1} 
assumed {'Man [has] always assumed that he was more intelligent than dolphins because he had achieved so much-the wheel, New York, wars and so on-while all the dolphins had ever done was muck about in the water having a good time. But conversely, the dolphins had always believed that they were far more intelligent than man-for precisely the same reason. -Douglas Adams': 1} 
there {'There is only one rule for being a good talker - learn to listen. -Christopher Morley': 1, 'There are no secrets to success. It is the result of preparation, hard work, and learning from failure. -Colin Powell': 1, 'There is a theory which states that if ever anyone discovers exactly what the Universe is for and why it is here, it will instantly disappear and be replaced by something even more bizarre and inexplicable. There is another theory which states that this has already happened. -Douglas Adams': 2, 'It must be remembered that there is nothing more difficult to plan, more doubtful of success nor more dangerous to manage than the creation of a new system. For the initiator has the enmity of all who profit by the preservation of the old institution and merely lukewarm defenders in those who would gain by the new one. -Nicolo Machiavelli': 1, 'There is no glory in battle worth the blood it costs. -Dwight Eisenhower': 1, "Where there's marriage without love, there will be love without marriage. -Benjamin Franklin": 1, "Being president is like being a jackass in a hailstorm. There's nothing to do but stand there and take it. -Lyndon B. Johnson": 1, 'Once you have flown, you will walk the earth with your eyes turned skywards, for there you have been, and there you long to return. -Leonardo da Vinci': 2, "The puritanism of Christianity has played havoc with the moderation that an enlightened and tolerant critical spirit would have produced. I've noticed that in whatever country, county, town, or other region there is a regulation enjoining temperance, the population seems to be entirely composed of teetotallers and drunkards. There's a Bible on that shelf there. But I keep it next to Voltaire - poison and antidote. -Bertrand Russell": 2, 'If there is any principle of the Constitution that more imperatively calls for attachment than any other it is the principle of free thought, not free thought for those who agree with us but freedom for the thought that we hate. -Oliver Wendell Holmes': 1, 'There is no strength in unbelief. Even the unbelief of what is false is no source of might. It is the truth shining from behind that gives the strength to disbelieve. -George MacDonald': 1, 'There are several good protections against temptation, but the surest is cowardice. -Mark Twain': 1, 'There is nothing funny about Halloween. This sarcastic festival reflects, rather, an infernal demand for revenge by children on the adult world. -Jean Baudrillard': 1, 'There are a thousand hacking at the branches of evil to one who is striking at the root. -Henry Thoreau': 1, 'Certain thoughts are prayers. There are moments when, whatever be the attitude of the body, the soul is on its knees. -Victor Hugo': 1, "I'm not normally a religious man, but if you're up there, save me, Superman! -Homer Simpson": 1, 'Humility is the foundation of all the other virtues hence, in the soul in which this virtue does not exist there cannot be any other virtue except in mere appearance. -Saint Augustine': 1, 'There are fathers who do not love their children; there is no grandfather who does not adore his grandson. -Victor Hugo': 2, "There are people who put their dreams in a little box and say, Yes, I've got dreams, of course I've got dreams. Then they put the box away and bring it out once in awhile to look in it, and yep, they're still there. -Erna Bombeck": 2, 'There are three ingredients in the good life: learning, earning and yearning. -Christopher Morley': 1, 'There can be no liberty unless there is economic liberty. -Margaret Thatcher': 2, "In every man's heart there is a secret nerve that answers to the vibrations of beauty. -Christopher Morley": 1, 'There are three rules for writing a novel. Unfortunately, no one knows what they are. -W. Somerset Maugham': 1, 'In all chaos there is a cosmos, in all disorder a secret order. -Carl Jung': 1, "Money never made a man happy yet, nor will it. There is nothing in its nature to produce happiness. The more a man has, the more he wants. Instead of its filling a vacuum, it makes one. If it satisfies one want, it doubles and trebles that want another way. That was a true proverb of the wise man, rely upon it; ''Better is little with the fear of the Lord, than great treasure, and trouble therewith. -Benjamin Franklin": 1, 'There are painters who transform the sun to a yellow spot, but there are others who with the help of their art and their intelligence, transform a yellow spot into the sun. -Pablo Picasso': 2, 'Some of your countrymen were unable to distinguish between their native dislike for war and the stainless patriotism of those who suffered its scars. But there has been a rethinking and now we can say to you, and say as a nation, thank you for your courage. -Ronald Reagan': 1, "Is there anything more beautiful than a beautiful, beautiful flamingo, flying across in front of a beautiful sunset? And he's carrying a beautiful rose in his beak, and also he's carrying a very beautiful painting with his feet. And also, you're drunk. -Jack Handey": 1, 'There is a great deal of difference between an eager man who wants to read a book and the tired man who wants a book to read. -GK Chesterton': 1, 'There is one thing alone that stands the brunt of life throughout its course: a quiet conscience. -Euripides': 1, "A mathematician is a blind man in a dark room looking for a black cat which isn't there. -Charles Robert": 1, 'There is wishful thinking in Hell as well as on Earth. -C.S. Lewis': 1, 'In any fairly large and talkative community such as a university there is always the danger that those who think alike should gravitate together where they will henceforth encounter opposition only in the emasculated form of rumour that the outsiders say thus and thus. The absent are easily refuted, complacent dogmatism thrives, and differences of opinion are embittered by the group hostility. Each group hears not the best, but the worst, that the other group can say. -C.S. Lewis': 1, 'There are perhaps no days of our childhood we lived so fully as those we spent with a favorite book. -Marcel Proust': 1, 'There are men in all ages who mean to govern well, but they mean to govern. They promise to be good masters, but they mean to be masters. -Daniel Webster': 1, 'There is no substitute for hard work. -Thomas Edison': 1, 'It is a grand mistake to think of being great without goodness and I pronounce it as certain that there was never a truly great man that was not at the same time truly virtuous. -Benjamin Franklin': 1, 'There is time for everything. -Thomas Edison': 1, 'There is no question that there is an unseen world. The problem is, how far is it from midtown and how late is it open? -Woody Allen': 2, 'A Native American elder once described his own inner struggles in this manner: Inside of me there are two dogs. One of the dogs is mean and evil. The other dog is good. The mean dog fights the good dog all the time. When asked which dog wins, he reflected. -George Bernard Shaw': 1, 'There is only one force of history that can break the reign of hatred and resentment, and expose the pretensions of tyrants, and reward the hopes of the decent and tolerant, and that is the force of human freedom. -George W. Bush': 1, 'There is hardly a political question in the United States which does not sooner or later turn into a judicial one. -Alexis de Tocqueville': 1, 'There are very few monsters who warrant the fear we have of them. -Andr\xe9 Gide': 1, 'This does not mean that the enemy is to be allowed to escape. The object is to make him believe that there is a road to safety, and thus prevent his fighting with the courage of despair. After that, you may crush him. -Sun Tzu': 1, "I love argument, I love debate. I don't expect anyone just to sit there and agree with me, that's not their job. -Margaret Thatcher": 1, "If a woman has to choose between catching a fly ball and saving an infant's life, she will choose to save the infant's life without even considering if there are men on base. -Dave Barry": 1, "You got to be very careful if you don't know where you're going, because you might not get there. -Yogi Berra": 1, 'Such is the delicacy of man alone, that no object is produced to his liking. He finds that in everything there is need for improvement. The whole industry of human life is employed not in procuring the supply of our three humble necessities, food, clothes and lodging, but in procuring the conveniences of it according to the nicety and delicacy of our tastes. -Adam Smith': 1, 'There is hope for the future because God has a sense of humor and we are funny to God. -Bill Cosby': 1, 'There is nothing more exhilarating than to be shot at without result. -Winston Churchill': 1, 'Christmas can be celebrated in the school room with pine trees, tinsel and reindeers, but there must be no mention of the man whose birthday is being celebrated. One wonders how a teacher would answer if a student asked why it was called Christmas. -Ronald Reagan': 1, "There cannot be true democracy unless women's voices are heard. -Hillary Clinton": 1, 'Even if there is only one possible unified theory, it is just a set of rules and equations. What is it that breathes fire into the equations and makes a universe for them to describe? -Stephen Hawking': 1, "There are some who've forgotten why we have a military. It's not to promote war; it's to be prepared for peace. -Ronald Reagan": 1, 'God loves each of us as if there were only one of us. -Saint Augustine': 1, 'No matter how much cats fight, there always seem to be plenty of kittens. -Abraham Lincoln': 1, 'Thinking is the hardest work there is, which is the probable reason why so few engage in it. -Henry Ford': 1, 'What is the most important for democracy is not that great fortunes should not exist, but that great fortunes should not remain in the same hands. In that way there are rich men, but they do not form a class. -Alexis de Tocqueville': 1, 'Not only is there no God, but try finding a plumber on Sunday. -Woody Allen': 1, "All I want out of life, is that when I walk down the street folks will say, 'There goes the greatest hitter that ever lived.' -Ted Williams": 1, 'To you taxpayers out there, let me say this: Make sure you file your tax return on time! And remember that, even though income taxes can be a \x93pain in the neck,\x94 the folks at the IRS are regular people just like you, except that they can destroy your life. -Dave Barry': 1, 'There is no joy in life like the joy of sharing. -Billy Graham': 1, 'There is luxury in self-reproach. When we blame ourselves, we feel no one else has a right to blame us. -Oscar Wilde': 1, 'If you will not fight for the right when you can easily win without bloodshed; if you will not fight when your victory will be sure and not too costly; you may come to the moment when you will have to fight with all the odds against you and only a small chance of survival. There may even be a worse case: you may have to fight when there is no hope of victory, because it is better to perish than to live as slaves. -Winston Churchill': 2, 'To me there has never been a higher source of earthly honor or distinction than that connected with advances in science. -Isaac Newton': 1, 'Question with boldness even the existence of a God; because, if there be one, he must more approve of the homage of reason, than that of blind-folded fear. -Thomas Jefferson': 1} 
hey {"To me, it's always a good idea to always carry two sacks of something when you walk around. That way, if anybody says, 'Hey, can you give me a hand?,' you can say, 'Sorry, got these sacks.' -Jack Handey": 1} 
deadlines {'I love deadlines. I especially like the whooshing sound they make as they go flying by. -Douglas Adams': 1} 
christianity {"The puritanism of Christianity has played havoc with the moderation that an enlightened and tolerant critical spirit would have produced. I've noticed that in whatever country, county, town, or other region there is a regulation enjoining temperance, the population seems to be entirely composed of teetotallers and drunkards. There's a Bible on that shelf there. But I keep it next to Voltaire - poison and antidote. -Bertrand Russell": 1, 'I believe in Christianity as I believe that the sun has risen, not only because I see it, but because by it I see everything else. -C.S. Lewis': 1, 'The Bible is not my book, and Christianity is not my religion. I could never give assent to the long, complicated statements of Christian dogma. -Abraham Lincoln': 1, 'Self-denial is the shining sore on the leprous body of Christianity. -Oscar Wilde': 1} 
start {"Don't knock the weather; nine-tenths of the people couldn't start a conversation if it didn't change once in a while. -Kin Hubbard": 1, 'If you start to think about your physical or moral condition, you usually find that you are sick. -Johann Wolfgang von Goethe': 1, 'Egalitarians create the most dangerous inequality of all -- inequality of power. Allowing politicians to determine what all other human beings will be allowed to earn is one of the most reckless gambles imaginable. Like the income tax, it may start off being applied only to the rich but it will inevitably reach us all. -Thomas Sowell': 1, 'The surest way of spoiling a pleasure is to start examining your satisfaction. -C.S. Lewis': 1} 
stealth {'Do good by stealth, and blush to find it fame. -Alexander Pope': 1} 
cats {'No matter how much cats fight, there always seem to be plenty of kittens. -Abraham Lincoln': 1, 'Dogs look up to you. Cats look down on you. Pigs treat you like equals. -Winston Churchill': 1} 
lions {'Everyone is in awe of the lion tamer in a cage with half a dozen lions -- everyone but a school bus driver. -Laurence Peter': 1} 
futile {'We know life is futile. A man who considers that his life is of very wonderful importance is awfully close to a padded cell. -Clarence Darrow': 1} 
lot {'In the beginning, the universe was created. This made a lot of people very angry, and has been widely regarded as a bad idea. -Douglas Adams': 1, 'It takes a lot of courage to show your dreams to someone else. -Erna Bombeck': 1} 
fish {"The only kind of seafood I trust is the fish stick, a totally featureless fish that doesn't have eyeballs or fins. -Dave Barry": 2} 
pretends {"A grandmother pretends she doesn't know who you are on Halloween. -Erna Bombeck": 1} 
compensate {'Imagination is a quality given a man to compensate him for what he is not, and a sense of humor was provided to console him for what he is. -Oscar Wilde': 1} 
verb {"Everybody can be great... because anybody can serve. You don't have to have a college degree to serve. You don't have to make your subject and verb agree to serve. You only need a heart full of grace. A soul generated by love. -Martin Luther King Jr.": 1} 
complete {"What is it that makes a complete stranger dive into an icy river to save a solid-gold baby? Maybe we'll never know. -Jack Handey": 1} 
child's {"I think, at a child's birth, if a mother could ask a fairy godmother to endow it with the most useful gift, that gift should be curiosity. -Eleanor Roosevelt": 1, "One thing they never tell you about child raising is that for the rest of your life, at the drop of a hat, you are expected to know your child's name and how old he or she is. -Erna Bombeck": 1} 
dangers {"Learning carries within itself certain dangers because out of necessity one has to learn from one's enemies. -Leon Trotsky": 1} 
delayed {'A right delayed is a right denied. -Martin Luther King Jr.': 1} 
kurt russell {'Goldie and I did have a car stolen right out of our yard. It took us three days to notice. -Kurt Russell': 1} 
judged {"We all wish to be judged by our peers, by the men 'after our own heart.' Only they really know our mind and only they judge it by standards we fully acknowledge. Theirs is the praise we really covet and the blame we really dread. The little pockets of early Chrstians survived because they cared exclusively for the love of 'the bretheren' and stopped their ears to the opinion of the Pagan society around them. But a circle of criminals, cranks, or perverts survives in just the same way; by becoming deaf to the opinion of the outer world, by discounting it as the chatter of outsiders who 'don't understand,' of the 'conventional,' the 'bourgeois,' the 'Establishment,' of prigs, prudes, and humbugs. -C.S. Lewis": 1} 
survived {"We all wish to be judged by our peers, by the men 'after our own heart.' Only they really know our mind and only they judge it by standards we fully acknowledge. Theirs is the praise we really covet and the blame we really dread. The little pockets of early Chrstians survived because they cared exclusively for the love of 'the bretheren' and stopped their ears to the opinion of the Pagan society around them. But a circle of criminals, cranks, or perverts survives in just the same way; by becoming deaf to the opinion of the outer world, by discounting it as the chatter of outsiders who 'don't understand,' of the 'conventional,' the 'bourgeois,' the 'Establishment,' of prigs, prudes, and humbugs. -C.S. Lewis": 1} 
basis {'In politics shared hatreds are almost always the basis of friendships. -Alexis de Tocqueville': 1} 
unreliable {'Experts tell us that if the Millennium Bug is not fixed, when the year 2000 arrives, our financial records will be inaccurate, our telephone system will be unreliable, our government will be paralyzed and airline flights will be canceled without warning. In other words, things will be pretty much the same as they are now. -Dave Barry': 1} 
promote {"There are some who've forgotten why we have a military. It's not to promote war; it's to be prepared for peace. -Ronald Reagan": 1, 'Man was made for action, and to promote by the exertion of his faculties such changes in the external circumstances both of himself and others, as may seem most favourable to the happiness of all. -Adam Smith': 1, 'He therefore is the truest friend to the liberty of this country who tries most to promote its virtue, and who, so far as his power and influence extend, will not suffer a man to be chosen into any office of power and trust who is not a wise and virtuous man. -Samuel Adams': 1} 
with {"No side will win the Battle of the Sexes. There's too much fraternizing with the enemy. -Henry Kissinger": 1, 'With the sleep of dreams comes nightmares. -William Shakespeare': 1, 'The least of things with a meaning is worth more in life than the greatest of things without it. -Carl Jung': 1, 'Everyone is in awe of the lion tamer in a cage with half a dozen lions -- everyone but a school bus driver. -Laurence Peter': 1, 'The mind of the thoroughly well-informed man is a dreadful thing. It is like a bric-\xe0-brac shop, all monsters and dust, with everything priced above its proper value. -Oscar Wilde': 1, 'I was angry with my friend I told my wrath, my wrath did end. I was angry with my foe: I told it not, my wrath did grow. -William Blake': 2, "Associate yourself with men of good quality if you esteem your own reputation; for 'tis better to be alone than in bad company. -George Washington": 1, "As a woman, I find it very embarrassing to be in a meeting and realize I'm the only one in the room with balls. -Rita Mae Brown": 1, 'Many who seem to be struggling with adversity are happy; many, amid great affluence, are utterly miserable. -Tacitus': 1, 'Every year, back comes Spring, with nasty little birds yapping their fool heads off and the ground all mucked up with plants. -Dorothy Parker': 2, 'Without question, the greatest invention in the history of mankind is beer. Oh, I grant you that the wheel was also a fine invention, but the wheel does not go nearly as well with pizza. -Dave Barry': 1, 'A successful marriage requires falling in love many times, always with the same person. -Germaine Greer': 1, 'Sex at age ninety is like trying to shoot pool with a rope. -George Burns': 1, "The puritanism of Christianity has played havoc with the moderation that an enlightened and tolerant critical spirit would have produced. I've noticed that in whatever country, county, town, or other region there is a regulation enjoining temperance, the population seems to be entirely composed of teetotallers and drunkards. There's a Bible on that shelf there. But I keep it next to Voltaire - poison and antidote. -Bertrand Russell": 1, 'Guard with jealous attention the public liberty. Suspect everyone who approaches that jewel. -Patrick Henry': 1, 'If there is any principle of the Constitution that more imperatively calls for attachment than any other it is the principle of free thought, not free thought for those who agree with us but freedom for the thought that we hate. -Oliver Wendell Holmes': 1, 'Politics has got so expensive that it takes lots of money to even get beat with. -Will Rogers': 1, 'All enterprises that are entered into with indiscreet zeal may be pursued with great vigor at first, but are sure to collapse in the end. -Tacitus': 2, 'The recipe for perpetual ignorance is: be satisfied with your opinions and content with your knowledge. -Elbert Hubbard': 2, "Accept good advice gracefully--as long as it doesn't interfere with what you intended to do in the first place. -Gene Brown": 1, 'The eyes of the world are upon you. The hopes and prayers of liberty-loving people everywhere march with you. -Dwight Eisenhower': 1, "Never continue in a job you don't enjoy. If you're happy in what you're doing, you'll like yourself, you'll have inner peace. And if you have that, along with physical health, you will have had more success than you could possibly have imagined. -Johnny Carson": 1, 'There are perhaps no days of our childhood we lived so fully as those we spent with a favorite book. -Marcel Proust': 1, 'Love anything and your heart will be wrung and possibly broken. If you want to make sure of keeping it intact you must give it to no one, not even an animal. Wrap it carefully round with hobbies and little luxuries; avoid all entanglements. Lock it up safe in the casket or coffin of your selfishness. But in that casket, safe, dark, motionless, airless, it will change. It will not be broken; it will become unbreakable, impenetrable, irredeemable. To love is to be vulnerable. -C.S. Lewis': 1, 'People can misinterpret almost anything so that it coincides with views they already hold. They take from art what they already believe. -Stanley Kubrick': 1, 'I like television. I still believe that television is the most powerful form of communication on Earth -- I just hate what is being done with it. -Alton Brown': 1, 'Religion operates not only on the vertical plane but also on the horizontal. It seeks not only to integrate men with God but to integrate men with men and each man with himself. -Martin Luther King Jr.': 3, 'The United States stands at the pinnacle of world power. This is a solemn moment for the American democracy. For with primacy in power is joined an awe-inspiring accountability for the future. -Winston Churchill': 1, 'I have been the artist with the longest career, and I am so proud and honoured to be chosen from heaven to be invincible. -Michael Jackson': 1, 'I have never let my schooling interfere with my education. -Mark Twain': 1, 'A radical is a man with both feet firmly planted in the air. -Franklin D. Roosevelt': 1, "Money never made a man happy yet, nor will it. There is nothing in its nature to produce happiness. The more a man has, the more he wants. Instead of its filling a vacuum, it makes one. If it satisfies one want, it doubles and trebles that want another way. That was a true proverb of the wise man, rely upon it; ''Better is little with the fear of the Lord, than great treasure, and trouble therewith. -Benjamin Franklin": 1, 'There are painters who transform the sun to a yellow spot, but there are others who with the help of their art and their intelligence, transform a yellow spot into the sun. -Pablo Picasso': 1, 'Never confuse the size of your paycheck with the size of your talent. -Marlon Brando': 1, "Is there anything more beautiful than a beautiful, beautiful flamingo, flying across in front of a beautiful sunset? And he's carrying a beautiful rose in his beak, and also he's carrying a very beautiful painting with his feet. And also, you're drunk. -Jack Handey": 1, "I love argument, I love debate. I don't expect anyone just to sit there and agree with me, that's not their job. -Margaret Thatcher": 1, "Of all tyrannies, a tyranny exercised for the good of its victims may be the most oppressive. It may be better to live under robber barons than under omnipotent moral busybodies. The robber baron's cruelty may sometimes sleep, his cupidity may at some point be satiated; but those who torment us for our own good will torment us without end, for they do so with the approval of their own conscience. -C.S. Lewis": 1, 'We turn not older with years, but newer every day. -Emily Dickinson': 1, "Those who are preoccupied with 'making a statement' usually don't have any statements worth making. -Thomas Sowell": 1, 'Would you live with ease? Do what you ought, not what you please. -Benjamin Franklin': 1, 'Serious sport has nothing to do with fair play. It is bound up with hatred, jealousy, boastfulness, disregard of all rules and sadistic pleasure in witnessing violence. In other words: it is war minus the shooting. -George Orwell': 2, "I don't work according to nature, but infront and together with it. An artist must observe the nature, but never confuse it with the art. -Pablo Picasso": 2, 'Perfect humility dispenses with modesty. -C.S. Lewis': 1, 'This country was built on rape, slavery, murder, degradation and affiliation with crime. -Mike Tyson': 1, 'I love writing. I love the swirl and swing of words as they tangle with human emotions. -James Michener': 1, 'Intoxicated with unbroken success, we have become too self-sufficient to feel the necessity of redeeming and preserving grace, too proud to pray to the God that made us. -Abraham Lincoln': 1, "To be pleased with one's limits is a wretched state. -Johann Wolfgang von Goethe": 1, 'Being is desirable because it is identical with Beauty, and Beauty is loved because it is Being. We ourselves possess Beauty when we are true to our own being; ugliness is in going over to another order; knowing ourselves, we are beautiful; in self-ignorance, we are ugly. -Ambrose Bierce': 1, 'The difference between sex and death is that with death you can do it alone and no one is going to make fun of you. -Woody Allen': 1, 'The reason we hold truth in such respect is because we have so little opportunity to get familiar with it. -Mark Twain': 1, 'The best and most beautiful things in the world cannot be seen or even touched. They must be felt with the heart. -Helen Keller': 1, "The function of RAM is to give us guys a way of deciding whose computer has the biggest, studliest, most tumescent MEMORY. This is important, because with today's complex software, the more memory a computer has, the faster it can produce error messages. So the bottom line is, if you're a guy, you cannot have enough RAM. -Dave Barry": 1, "I think, at a child's birth, if a mother could ask a fairy godmother to endow it with the most useful gift, that gift should be curiosity. -Eleanor Roosevelt": 1, 'Poetry is the art of creating imaginary gardens with real toads. -Marianne Moore': 1, 'Once you have flown, you will walk the earth with your eyes turned skywards, for there you have been, and there you long to return. -Leonardo da Vinci': 1, 'The surface of American society is covered with a layer of democratic paint, but from time to time one can see the old aristocratic colours breaking through. -Alexis de Tocqueville': 1, "One of the great attractions of patriotism -- it fulfills our worst wishes. In the person of our nation we are able, vicariously, to bully and cheat. Bully and cheat, what's more, with a feeling that we are profoundly virtuous. -Aldous Huxley": 1, 'For me, survival is the ability to cope with difficulties, with circumstances, and to overcome them. -Nelson Mandela': 2, 'A journey of a thousand miles begins with a single step. -Confucius': 1, "The movie's director is the pilot. It's his vision. For an actor, the time to worry about flying is when you're on the ground. If you don't want to fly with the director, don't get on the plane. -Denzel Washington": 1, 'Christmas can be celebrated in the school room with pine trees, tinsel and reindeers, but there must be no mention of the man whose birthday is being celebrated. One wonders how a teacher would answer if a student asked why it was called Christmas. -Ronald Reagan': 1, 'I arrive at the end of this review having done my duty as a critic. I have described the movie accurately and you have a good idea what you are in for if you go to see it. Most of you will not. I cannot argue with you. Some of you will--the brave and the curious. You embody the spirit of the man who first wondered what it would taste like to eat an oyster. -Roger Ebert': 1, "Nothing is wrong with Southern California that a rise in the ocean level wouldn't cure. -Kenneth Millar": 1, 'I could not handle being a woman, I would stay home all day and play with my breasts. -Steve Martin': 1, 'Anger is never without an argument, but seldom with a good one. -George Savile': 1, "Anybody can become angry - that is easy, but to be angry with the right person and to the right degree and at the right time and for the right purpose, and in the right way - that is not within everybody's power and is not easy. -Aristotle": 1, 'Moral indignation is jealousy with a halo. -H.G. Wells': 1, 'Question with boldness even the existence of a God; because, if there be one, he must more approve of the homage of reason, than that of blind-folded fear. -Thomas Jefferson': 1, 'It is one of the blessings of old friends that you can afford to be stupid with them. -Ralph Waldo Emerson': 1, 'Grief can take care of itself, but to get the full value of joy you must have somebody to divide it with. -Mark Twain': 1, 'For each illness that doctors cure with medicine, they provoke ten in healthy people by inoculating them with the virus that is a thousand times more powerful than any microbe: the idea that one is ill. -Marcel Proust': 2, 'If you will not fight for the right when you can easily win without bloodshed; if you will not fight when your victory will be sure and not too costly; you may come to the moment when you will have to fight with all the odds against you and only a small chance of survival. There may even be a worse case: you may have to fight when there is no hope of victory, because it is better to perish than to live as slaves. -Winston Churchill': 1, 'To me there has never been a higher source of earthly honor or distinction than that connected with advances in science. -Isaac Newton': 1, 'This does not mean that the enemy is to be allowed to escape. The object is to make him believe that there is a road to safety, and thus prevent his fighting with the courage of despair. After that, you may crush him. -Sun Tzu': 1, 'New knowledge is the most valuable commodity on earth. The more truth we have to work with, the richer we become. -Kurt Vonnegut': 1} 
spice {'If variety is the spice of life, marriage is the big can of leftover Spam. -Johnny Carson': 1} 
they're {"Parents are not interested in justice, they're interested in peace and quiet. -Bill Cosby": 1, "To me, clowns aren't funny. In fact, they're kinda scary. I've wondered where this started, and I think it goes back to the time I went to the circus and a clown killed my dad. -Jack Handey": 1, "There are people who put their dreams in a little box and say, Yes, I've got dreams, of course I've got dreams. Then they put the box away and bring it out once in awhile to look in it, and yep, they're still there. -Erna Bombeck": 1, "Cocaine is God's way of telling someone that they're too rich. -Robin Williams": 1, "The statistics on sanity are that one out of every four Americans are suffering from some form of mental illness. Think of your three best friends. If they're okay, then it's you. -Rita Mae Brown": 1, "No matter what they're charging to get in, it's worth more to get out. -Roger Ebert": 1} 
bullet {'Thus the metric system did not really catch on in the States, unless you count the increasing popularity of the nine-millimeter bullet. -Dave Barry': 1} 
rage {'Any reviewer who expresses rage and loathing for a novel is preposterous. He or she is like a person who has put on full armor and attacked a hot fudge sundae. -Kurt Vonnegut': 1} 
wasn't {"I'm the type who'd be happy not going anywhere as long as I was sure I knew exactly what was happening at the places I wasn't going to. I'm the type who'd like to sit home and watch every party that I'm invited to on a monitor in my bedroom. -Andy Warhol": 1, "I've had a wonderful time, but this wasn't it. -Groucho Marx": 1} 
tim blair {"Thus far, the reputed idiot Bush has graduated from Yale and Harvard, made a stack of cash in the oil industry, become the first consecutive-term governor of Texas, defeated a dual-term VP for the presidency, and led his party to [November 5th's] extraordinary triumphs. Let his opponents keep calling him stupid; if they do, within five years Bush will be King of England, the Pope, and world Formula One motor racing champion. -Tim Blair": 1} 
bambi's {"I'm a middle age white guy, which means I'm constantly reminded that my particular group is responsible for the oppression of every known minority PLUS most wars PLUS government corruption PLUS pollution of the environment, not to mention that it was middle-age white guys who killed Bambi's mom. -Dave Barry": 1} 
taught {'Education is an admirable thing, but it is well to remember from time to time that nothing that is worth knowing can be taught. -Oscar Wilde': 1} 
exhaustion {'A few hours of mountain climbing turn a villain and a saint into two rather equal creature. Exhaustion is the shortest way to equality and fraternity, and liberty is added eventually by sleep. -Friedrich Nietzsche': 1} 
grasp {"To grasp the full significance of life is the actor's duty, to interpret it is his problem and to express it his dedication. -Marlon Brando": 1, 'The aging process has you firmly in its grasp if you never get the urge to throw a snowball. -Doug Larson': 1} 
agree {'If there is any principle of the Constitution that more imperatively calls for attachment than any other it is the principle of free thought, not free thought for those who agree with us but freedom for the thought that we hate. -Oliver Wendell Holmes': 1, "I love argument, I love debate. I don't expect anyone just to sit there and agree with me, that's not their job. -Margaret Thatcher": 1, "Everybody can be great... because anybody can serve. You don't have to have a college degree to serve. You don't have to make your subject and verb agree to serve. You only need a heart full of grace. A soul generated by love. -Martin Luther King Jr.": 1} 
affection {'The Nation which indulges toward another an habitual hatred or an habitual fondness is in some degree a slave. It is a slave to its animosity or to its affection, either of which is sufficient to lead it astray from its duty and its interest. -George Washington': 1} 
regimes {"The days of looking the other way while despotic regimes trample human rights, rob their nations' wealth, and then excuse their failings by feeding their people a steady diet of anti-Western hatred are over. -Dick Cheney": 1} 
gone {'When nothing seems to help, I go and look at a stonecutter hammering away at his rock perhaps a hundred times without as much as a crack showing in it. Yet at the hundred and first blow it will split in two, and I know it was not that blow that did it, but all that had gone before. -Jacob August Riis': 1} 
laugh {'Life does not cease to be funny when people die any more than it ceases to be serious when people laugh. -George Bernard Shaw': 1} 
undertake {'Wedding: a ceremony at which two persons undertake to become one, one undertakes to become nothing, and nothing undertakes to become supportable. -Ambrose Bierce': 1} 
brotherly {'You know what the fellow said: In Italy for thirty years under the Borgias they had warfare, terror, murder, and bloodshed, but they produced Michaelangelo, Leonardo Da Vinci, and the Renaissance. In Switzerland, they had brotherly love--they had five hundred years of democracy and peace, and what did they produce? The cuckoo clock. -Orson Welles': 1} 
complicated {'The Bible is not my book, and Christianity is not my religion. I could never give assent to the long, complicated statements of Christian dogma. -Abraham Lincoln': 1} 
taste {'I arrive at the end of this review having done my duty as a critic. I have described the movie accurately and you have a good idea what you are in for if you go to see it. Most of you will not. I cannot argue with you. Some of you will--the brave and the curious. You embody the spirit of the man who first wondered what it would taste like to eat an oyster. -Roger Ebert': 1, "It is necessary for the welfare of society that genius should be privileged to utter sedition, to blaspheme, to outrage good taste, to corrupt the youthful mind, and generally to scandalize one's uncles. -George Bernard Shaw": 1, 'Cowards die many times before their deaths. The valiant never taste of death but once. -William Shakespeare': 1} 
certain {"Some folks look at me and see a certain swagger, which in Texas is called 'walking.' -George W. Bush": 1, 'Certain thoughts are prayers. There are moments when, whatever be the attitude of the body, the soul is on its knees. -Victor Hugo': 1, 'Mothers are fonder than fathers of their children because they are more certain they are their own. -Aristotle': 1, 'It is a grand mistake to think of being great without goodness and I pronounce it as certain that there was never a truly great man that was not at the same time truly virtuous. -Benjamin Franklin': 1, "Learning carries within itself certain dangers because out of necessity one has to learn from one's enemies. -Leon Trotsky": 1} 
describe {'Even if there is only one possible unified theory, it is just a set of rules and equations. What is it that breathes fire into the equations and makes a universe for them to describe? -Stephen Hawking': 1} 
am {'We are all worms, but I do believe I am a glow-worm. -Winston Churchill': 1, 'I think and think for months and years, ninety-nine times, the conclusion is false. The hundredth time I am right. -Albert Einstein': 1, 'I am Envy. I cannot read and therefore wish all books burned. -Christopher Marlowe': 1, "A University of Chicago professor said the greatest day in the world was when a water puppy crawled out on land and decided to stay. The water puppy, he said, went on to become a man. If he proves that, I am willing to give up Christmas, Thanksgiving, and New Year's Day, and to celebrate Water Puppy Day. -William Jennings Bryan": 1, 'I am a writer of books in retrospect. I talk in order to understand; I teach in order to learn. -Robert Frost': 1, 'Old age is fifteen years older than I am. -Oliver Wendell Holmes': 1, 'I have been the artist with the longest career, and I am so proud and honoured to be chosen from heaven to be invincible. -Michael Jackson': 1, "Without computers, the government would be unable to function at the level of effectiveness and efficiency that we have come to expect.  This is because the primary function of the government is -- and here I am quoting directly from the U.S. Constitution -- 'to spew out paper.' -Dave Barry": 1, 'Though I am not naturally honest, I am sometimes by chance. -William Shakespeare': 2, 'In the Orthodox spiritual tradition, the ultimate moral question we ask is the following: Is what we are doing, is what I am doing, beautiful or not? -Carolyn Gifford': 1, "My life has no purpose, no direction, no aim, no meaning, and yet I'm happy. I can't figure it out. What am I doing right? -Charles Schulz": 1, 'I am a strong believer in luck and I find the harder I work the more I have of it. -Benjamin Franklin': 1, "Happiness is so hard to define and foolish to define. Am I acting? That's the worst thing you can ask yourself. You can be happy suddenly. It can spring on you, not when you reach a plateau. You can be happy going backward or going down. You can be happy at the loss of something. -Steve Martin": 1, 'I do not believe one can settle how much we ought to give. I am afraid the only safe rule is to give more than we can spare. -C.S. Lewis': 1} 
al {'If Al Gore invented the Internet, I invented spell check. -Dan Quayle': 1} 
deep {'Through pride we are ever deceiving ourselves. But deep down below the surface of the average conscience a still, small voice says to us, something is out of tune. -Carl Jung': 1, 'A great deal of intelligence can be invested in ignorance when the need for illusion is deep. -Saul Bellow': 1} 
fellow {'You know what the fellow said: In Italy for thirty years under the Borgias they had warfare, terror, murder, and bloodshed, but they produced Michaelangelo, Leonardo Da Vinci, and the Renaissance. In Switzerland, they had brotherly love--they had five hundred years of democracy and peace, and what did they produce? The cuckoo clock. -Orson Welles': 1} 
imagination {'Imagination is a quality given a man to compensate him for what he is not, and a sense of humor was provided to console him for what he is. -Oscar Wilde': 1, 'Imagination will often carry us to worlds that never were. But without it, we go nowhere. -Carl Sagan': 1, 'Love is the triumph of imagination over intelligence. -Henry Mencken': 1, "You can't depend on your eyes when your imagination is out of focus. -Mark Twain": 1} 
examine {'I went out to the country so i could examine the simple things in life. -Henry Thoreau': 1} 
educated {'People will pay more to be entertained than educated. -Johnny Carson': 1} 
diverged {'Two roads diverged in a wood, and I...I took the one less traveled by, and that has made all the difference. -Robert Frost': 1} 
at {"The only reason for time is so that everything doesn't happen at once. -Albert Einstein": 1, 'Must not all things at the last be swallowed up in death? -Plato': 1, 'A truly great book should be read in youth, again in maturity and once more in old age, as a fine building should be seen by morning light, at noon and by moonlight. -Robertson Davies': 1, "Happiness is so hard to define and foolish to define. Am I acting? That's the worst thing you can ask yourself. You can be happy suddenly. It can spring on you, not when you reach a plateau. You can be happy going backward or going down. You can be happy at the loss of something. -Steve Martin": 1, 'Love means loving the unlovable - or it is no virtue at all. -GK Chesterton': 1, 'Sex at age ninety is like trying to shoot pool with a rope. -George Burns': 1, 'The most incomprehensible thing about the world is that it is at all comprehensible. -Albert Einstein': 1, 'The things that will destroy America are prosperity at any price, peace at any price, safety first instead of duty first, the love of soft living and the get rich quick theory of life. -Theodore Roosevelt': 2, 'All enterprises that are entered into with indiscreet zeal may be pursued with great vigor at first, but are sure to collapse in the end. -Tacitus': 1, 'No sooner do we depart from sense and instinct to follow reason but we are insensibly drawn into uncouth paradoxes, difficulties, and inconsistencies, which multiply and grow upon us as we advance in speculation; till at length, having wandered through many intricate mazes, we find ourselves just where we were, or, which is worse, sit down in a forlorn scepticism. -George Berkeley': 1, 'Wisdom begins at the end. -Daniel Webster': 1, "One thing they never tell you about child raising is that for the rest of your life, at the drop of a hat, you are expected to know your child's name and how old he or she is. -Erna Bombeck": 1, 'Why, you can take the most gallant sailor, the most intrepid airman or the most audacious soldier, put them at a table together - what do you get? The sum of their fears. -Winston Churchill': 1, "Anybody can become angry - that is easy, but to be angry with the right person and to the right degree and at the right time and for the right purpose, and in the right way - that is not within everybody's power and is not easy. -Aristotle": 1, "Talent alone won't make you a success. Neither will being in the right place at the right time, unless you are ready. The most important question is: 'Are you ready?' -Johnny Carson": 1, 'The United States stands at the pinnacle of world power. This is a solemn moment for the American democracy. For with primacy in power is joined an awe-inspiring accountability for the future. -Winston Churchill': 1, 'The means of defense against foreign danger historically have become the instruments of tyranny at home. -James Madison': 1, 'Love is a fruit in season at all times, and within reach of every hand. -Mother Teresa': 1, 'An actor is at most a poet and at least an entertainer. -Marlon Brando': 2, "Speeches are for the younger men who are going places. And I'm not going anyplace except six feet under the floor of that little chapel adjoining the museum and library at Abilene. -Dwight Eisenhower": 1, 'Wedding: a ceremony at which two persons undertake to become one, one undertakes to become nothing, and nothing undertakes to become supportable. -Ambrose Bierce': 1, "It's not how old you are, it's how hard you work at it. -Jonah Barrington": 1, "I'm the type who'd be happy not going anywhere as long as I was sure I knew exactly what was happening at the places I wasn't going to. I'm the type who'd like to sit home and watch every party that I'm invited to on a monitor in my bedroom. -Andy Warhol": 1, "Of all tyrannies, a tyranny exercised for the good of its victims may be the most oppressive. It may be better to live under robber barons than under omnipotent moral busybodies. The robber baron's cruelty may sometimes sleep, his cupidity may at some point be satiated; but those who torment us for our own good will torment us without end, for they do so with the approval of their own conscience. -C.S. Lewis": 1, 'I arrive at the end of this review having done my duty as a critic. I have described the movie accurately and you have a good idea what you are in for if you go to see it. Most of you will not. I cannot argue with you. Some of you will--the brave and the curious. You embody the spirit of the man who first wondered what it would taste like to eat an oyster. -Roger Ebert': 1, "A man's very highest moment is, I have no doubt at all, when he kneels in the dust, and beats his breast, and tells all the sins of his life. -Oscar Wilde": 1, 'You find out more about God from the Moral Law than from the univerise in general just as you find out more about a man by listening to his conversation than by looking at a house he has built. -C.S. Lewis': 1, "Playwriting gets into your blood and you can't stop it. At least, not until the producers or the public tell you to. -T.S. Eliot": 1, 'Everything is simpler than you think and at the same time more complex than you imagine. -Johann Wolfgang von Goethe': 1, 'Alexander, Caesar, Charlemagne, and myself founded empires; but what foundation did we rest the creations of our genius? Upon force. Jesus Christ founded an empire upon love; and at this hour millions of men would die for Him. -Napoleon Bonaparte': 1, 'It is a grand mistake to think of being great without goodness and I pronounce it as certain that there was never a truly great man that was not at the same time truly virtuous. -Benjamin Franklin': 1, "Without computers, the government would be unable to function at the level of effectiveness and efficiency that we have come to expect.  This is because the primary function of the government is -- and here I am quoting directly from the U.S. Constitution -- 'to spew out paper.' -Dave Barry": 1, "Some folks look at me and see a certain swagger, which in Texas is called 'walking.' -George W. Bush": 1, "When this girl at the museum asked me who I liked better, Monet or Manet, I said, 'I like mayonnaise.' She just stared at me, so I said it again, louder. Then she left. I guess she went to try to find some mayonnaise for me. -Jack Handey": 2, "Having someone wonder where you are when you don't come home at night is a very old human need. -Margaret Mead": 1, "I think, at a child's birth, if a mother could ask a fairy godmother to endow it with the most useful gift, that gift should be curiosity. -Eleanor Roosevelt": 1, 'Television is a medium of entertainment which permits millions of people to listen to the same joke at the same time, and yet remain lonesome. -T.S. Eliot': 1, 'When nothing seems to help, I go and look at a stonecutter hammering away at his rock perhaps a hundred times without as much as a crack showing in it. Yet at the hundred and first blow it will split in two, and I know it was not that blow that did it, but all that had gone before. -Jacob August Riis': 3, 'For a time, at least, I was the most famous person in the entire world. -Jesse Owens': 1, 'The time which we have at our disposal every day is elastic; the passions we feel expand it, those that we inspire contract it, and habit fills up what remains. -Marcel Proust': 1, 'Beauty is all very well at first sight; but whoever looks at it when it has been in the house three days? -George Bernard Shaw': 2, 'Most modern freedom is at root fear. It is not so much that we are too bold to endure rules; it is rather that we are too timid to endure responsibilities. -GK Chesterton': 1, 'There is nothing more exhilarating than to be shot at without result. -Winston Churchill': 1, 'Even peace may be purchased at too high a price. -Benjamin Franklin': 1, "You know, there's a million fine looking women in the world, dude. But they don't all bring you lasagna at work. Most of 'em just cheat on you. -Kevin Smith": 1, 'To know what is impenetrable to us really exists, manifesting itself as the highest wisdom and the most radiant beauty...this knowledge, this feeling is at the center of true religiousness. -Albert Einstein': 1, 'Remember not only to say the right thing in the right place, but far more difficult still, to leave unsaid the wrong thing at the tempting moment. -Benjamin Franklin': 1, 'Cooking was invented in prehistoric times, when a primitive tribe had a lucky accident. The tribe had killed an animal and was going to eat it raw, when a tribe member named Woog tripped and dropped it into the fire. At first the other tribe members were angry at Woog, but then, as the aroma of burning meat filled the air, they had an idea. So they ate Woog raw. -Dave Barry': 2, 'There are a thousand hacking at the branches of evil to one who is striking at the root. -Henry Thoreau': 2, 'People sleep peaceably in their beds at night only because rough men stand ready to do violence on their behalf. -George Orwell': 1, 'I honestly think it is better to be a failure at something you love than to be a success at something you hate. -George Burns': 2, 'To you taxpayers out there, let me say this: Make sure you file your tax return on time! And remember that, even though income taxes can be a \x93pain in the neck,\x94 the folks at the IRS are regular people just like you, except that they can destroy your life. -Dave Barry': 1, 'The significant problems we face cannot be solved at the same level of thinking we were at when we created them. -Albert Einstein': 2, 'He that would live in peace and at ease must not speak all he knows or all he sees. -Benjamin Franklin': 1} 
file {'To you taxpayers out there, let me say this: Make sure you file your tax return on time! And remember that, even though income taxes can be a \x93pain in the neck,\x94 the folks at the IRS are regular people just like you, except that they can destroy your life. -Dave Barry': 1} 
hobbies {'Love anything and your heart will be wrung and possibly broken. If you want to make sure of keeping it intact you must give it to no one, not even an animal. Wrap it carefully round with hobbies and little luxuries; avoid all entanglements. Lock it up safe in the casket or coffin of your selfishness. But in that casket, safe, dark, motionless, airless, it will change. It will not be broken; it will become unbreakable, impenetrable, irredeemable. To love is to be vulnerable. -C.S. Lewis': 1} 
girlfriend {'I almost had a pyschic girlfriend, but she left me before we met. -Steven Wright': 1} 
politics {'Politics is perhaps the only profession for which no preparation is thought necessary. -Robert Louis Stevenson': 1, 'A typical vice of American politics is the avoidance of saying anything real on real issues. -Theodore Roosevelt': 1, 'PRESIDENCY, n. The greased pig in the field game of American politics. -Ambrose Bierce': 1, 'In politics, an organized minority is a political majority. -Jesse Jackson': 1, 'In politics, if you want anything said, ask a man; if you want anything done, ask a woman. -Margaret Thatcher': 1, 'In politics shared hatreds are almost always the basis of friendships. -Alexis de Tocqueville': 1, 'Politics has got so expensive that it takes lots of money to even get beat with. -Will Rogers': 1} 
tranquil {'Patriotism is not short, frenzied outbursts of emotion, but the tranquil and steady dedication of a lifetime. -Adlai Stevenson': 1} 
moves {'In life, as in art, the beautiful moves in curves. -Edward Bulwer-Lytton': 1} 
film {'Film lovers are sick people. -Francois Truffaut': 1} 
again {'My dream is of a place and a time where America will once again be seen as the last best hope of earth. -Abraham Lincoln': 1, 'The mystic chords of memory, stretching from every battlefield and patriot grave to every living heart and hearthstone all over this broad land, will yet swell the chorus of the Union, when again touched, as surely they will be, by the better angels of our nature. -Abraham Lincoln': 1, 'Experience is that marvelous thing that enables you to recognize a mistake when you make it again. -Franklin Jones': 1, 'The Democrats seem to be basically nicer people, but they have demonstrated time and again that they have the management skills of celery. -Dave Barry': 1, 'A truly great book should be read in youth, again in maturity and once more in old age, as a fine building should be seen by morning light, at noon and by moonlight. -Robertson Davies': 1, 'He that fights and runs away, may turn and fight another day; but he that is in battle slain, will never rise to fight again. -Tacitus': 1, 'We have it in our power to begin the world over again. -Thomas Paine': 1, "When this girl at the museum asked me who I liked better, Monet or Manet, I said, 'I like mayonnaise.' She just stared at me, so I said it again, louder. Then she left. I guess she went to try to find some mayonnaise for me. -Jack Handey": 1, "Unless the religious claims of the Bible are again acknowledged, its literary claims will, I think, be given only 'mouth honour' and that decreasingly. -C.S. Lewis": 1} 
proudest {'The greatest monarch on the proudest throne is obliged to sit upon his own arse. -Benjamin Franklin': 1} 
idiot {"Thus far, the reputed idiot Bush has graduated from Yale and Harvard, made a stack of cash in the oil industry, become the first consecutive-term governor of Texas, defeated a dual-term VP for the presidency, and led his party to [November 5th's] extraordinary triumphs. Let his opponents keep calling him stupid; if they do, within five years Bush will be King of England, the Pope, and world Formula One motor racing champion. -Tim Blair": 1} 
deserve {'They that can give up essential liberty to obtain a little temporary safety deserve neither liberty nor safety. -Benjamin Franklin': 1} 
saturday {'The good thing about being bisexual is that it doubles your chance of a date on a Saturday night. -Woody Allen': 1} 
rubber {"If your kid makes one of those little homemade guitars out of a cigar box and rubber bands, don't let him just play it once or twice and then throw it away. Make him practice on it, every day, for about three hours a day. Later, he'll thank you. -Jack Handey": 1} 
field {'PRESIDENCY, n. The greased pig in the field game of American politics. -Ambrose Bierce': 1} 
trample {"The days of looking the other way while despotic regimes trample human rights, rob their nations' wealth, and then excuse their failings by feeding their people a steady diet of anti-Western hatred are over. -Dick Cheney": 1} 
fools {'The greatest lesson in life is to know that even fools are right sometimes. -Winston Churchill': 1} 
incomprehensible {'The most incomprehensible thing about the world is that it is at all comprehensible. -Albert Einstein': 1} 
subjecting {"Science is not about building a body of known 'facts'. It is a method for asking awkward questions and subjecting them to a reality-check, thus avoiding the human tendency to believe whatever makes us feel good. -Terry Pratchett": 1} 
poor {'If we command our wealth, we shall be rich and free; if our wealth commands us, we are poor indeed. -Edmund Burke': 1} 
mike tyson {'My main objective is to be professional but to kill him. -Mike Tyson': 1, 'This country was built on rape, slavery, murder, degradation and affiliation with crime. -Mike Tyson': 1} 
pillows {'Money can help you to get medicines but not health. Money can help you to get soft pillows, but not sound sleep. Money can help you to get material comforts, but not eternal bliss. Money can help you to get ornaments, but not beauty. Money will help you to get an electric earphone, but not natural hearing. Attain the supreme wealth, wisdom, and you will have everything. -Benjamin Franklin': 1} 
vocabulary {'The last thing a political party gives up is its vocabulary. -Alexis de Tocqueville': 1} 
teeth {'The first thing I do in the morning is brush my teeth and sharpen my tongue. -Dorothy Parker': 1} 
gifts {'Rings and jewels are not gifts but apologies for gifts. The only true gift is a portion of yourself. -Ralph Waldo Emerson': 2, 'It is said that gifts persuade even the gods. -Euripides': 1} 
important {'That men do not learn very much from the lessons of history is the most important of all the lessons of history. -Aldous Huxley': 1, 'Perhaps one of the most important accomplishments of my administration has been minding my own business. -Calvin Coolidge': 1, 'An idea that is developed and put into action is more important than an idea that exists only as an idea. -Siddhartha Buddha': 1, "Talent alone won't make you a success. Neither will being in the right place at the right time, unless you are ready. The most important question is: 'Are you ready?' -Johnny Carson": 1, 'Let us not forget that the cultivation of the earth is the most important labor of man. When tillage begins, other arts will follow. The farmers, therefore, are the founders of civilization. -Daniel Webster': 1, 'What is the most important for democracy is not that great fortunes should not exist, but that great fortunes should not remain in the same hands. In that way there are rich men, but they do not form a class. -Alexis de Tocqueville': 1, "The function of RAM is to give us guys a way of deciding whose computer has the biggest, studliest, most tumescent MEMORY. This is important, because with today's complex software, the more memory a computer has, the faster it can produce error messages. So the bottom line is, if you're a guy, you cannot have enough RAM. -Dave Barry": 1, 'Regarding the debate about faith and works: It\x92s like asking which blade in a pair of scissors is most important. -C.S. Lewis': 1, 'Death is psychologically as important as birth. Shrinking away from it is something unhealthy and abnormal which robs the second half of life of its purpose. -Carl Jung': 1} 
whats {'And what\x92s romance? Usually, a nice little tale where you have everything As You Like It, where rain never wets your jacket and gnats never bite your nose and it\x92s always daisy-time. -D.H. Lawrence': 1} 
unattractive {'Feminism was established to allow unattractive women easier access to the mainstream. -Rush Limbaugh': 1} 
slang {'Slang is the language which takes off its coat, spits on its hands - and goes to work. -Carl Sandburg': 1} 
building {'A truly great book should be read in youth, again in maturity and once more in old age, as a fine building should be seen by morning light, at noon and by moonlight. -Robertson Davies': 1, "Science is not about building a body of known 'facts'. It is a method for asking awkward questions and subjecting them to a reality-check, thus avoiding the human tendency to believe whatever makes us feel good. -Terry Pratchett": 1} 
backward {"Happiness is so hard to define and foolish to define. Am I acting? That's the worst thing you can ask yourself. You can be happy suddenly. It can spring on you, not when you reach a plateau. You can be happy going backward or going down. You can be happy at the loss of something. -Steve Martin": 1} 
wondered {'I arrive at the end of this review having done my duty as a critic. I have described the movie accurately and you have a good idea what you are in for if you go to see it. Most of you will not. I cannot argue with you. Some of you will--the brave and the curious. You embody the spirit of the man who first wondered what it would taste like to eat an oyster. -Roger Ebert': 1, 'I have often wondered how it is that every man loves himself more than all the rest of men, but yet sets less value on his own opinion of himself than on the opinion of others. -Marcus Aurelius': 1, "To me, clowns aren't funny. In fact, they're kinda scary. I've wondered where this started, and I think it goes back to the time I went to the circus and a clown killed my dad. -Jack Handey": 1} 
calls {'If there is any principle of the Constitution that more imperatively calls for attachment than any other it is the principle of free thought, not free thought for those who agree with us but freedom for the thought that we hate. -Oliver Wendell Holmes': 1} 
wife {'My most brilliant achievement was my ability to be able to persuade my wife to marry me. -Winston Churchill': 1, "We must repsect the other fellow's religion, but only in the sense and to the extent that we respect his theory that his wife is beautiful and his children are smart. -Henry Mencken": 1, 'Let us now set forth one of the fundamental truths about marriage: the wife is in charge. -Bill Cosby': 1, "Man's best possession is a sympathetic wife. -Euripides": 1} 
odds {'If you will not fight for the right when you can easily win without bloodshed; if you will not fight when your victory will be sure and not too costly; you may come to the moment when you will have to fight with all the odds against you and only a small chance of survival. There may even be a worse case: you may have to fight when there is no hope of victory, because it is better to perish than to live as slaves. -Winston Churchill': 1} 
wets {'And what\x92s romance? Usually, a nice little tale where you have everything As You Like It, where rain never wets your jacket and gnats never bite your nose and it\x92s always daisy-time. -D.H. Lawrence': 1} 
david brooks {'To explain the unknown by the known is a logical procedure; to explain the known by the unknown is a form of theological lunacy. -David Brooks': 1} 
dyed {'She was what we used to call a suicide blond - dyed by her own hand. -Saul Bellow': 1} 
moonlight {'A truly great book should be read in youth, again in maturity and once more in old age, as a fine building should be seen by morning light, at noon and by moonlight. -Robertson Davies': 1} 
observe {'Observe constantly that all things take place by change, and accustom thyself to consider that the nature of the Universe love nothing so much as to change. The Universe is change. -Marcus Aurelius': 1, "I don't work according to nature, but infront and together with it. An artist must observe the nature, but never confuse it with the art. -Pablo Picasso": 1} 
procedure {'To explain the unknown by the known is a logical procedure; to explain the known by the unknown is a form of theological lunacy. -David Brooks': 1} 
leonardo da vinci {'Simplicity is the ultimate sophistication. -Leonardo da Vinci': 1, 'As every divided kingdom falls, so every mind divided between many studies confounds and saps itself. -Leonardo da Vinci': 1, 'Once you have flown, you will walk the earth with your eyes turned skywards, for there you have been, and there you long to return. -Leonardo da Vinci': 1, 'Anyone who invokes authors in discussion is not using his intelligence but his memory. -Leonardo da Vinci': 1} 
overseas {'I get to go to lots of overseas places, like Canada. -Britney Spears': 1} 
all {'I will honor Christmas in my heart, and try to keep it all the year. -Charles Dickens': 1, 'We do survive every moment, after all, except the last one. -John Updike': 1, 'As Mankind becomes more liberal, they will be more apt to allow that all those who conduct themselves as worthy members of the community are equally entitled to the protections of civil government. I hope ever to see America among the foremost nations of justice and liberality. -George Washington': 1, "Dying is the most embarrassing thing that can ever happen to you, because someone's got to take care of all your details. -Andy Warhol": 1, 'No man will make a great leader who wants to do it all himself or get all the credit for doing it. -Andrew Carnegie': 2, 'All men are frauds. The only difference between them is that some admit it. I myself deny it. -Henry Mencken': 1, 'The most incomprehensible thing about the world is that it is at all comprehensible. -Albert Einstein': 1, 'The intellect is not a serious thing, and never has been. It is an instrument on which one plays, that is all. -Oscar Wilde': 1, 'No passion so effectually robs the mind of all its powers of acting and reasoning as fear. -Edmund Burke': 1, 'Two roads diverged in a wood, and I...I took the one less traveled by, and that has made all the difference. -Robert Frost': 1, 'It is better to be bold than too circumspect, because fortune is of a sex which likes not a tardy wooer and repulses all who are not ardent. -Nicolo Machiavelli': 1, 'All human actions have one or more of these seven causes: chance, nature, compulsions, habit, reason, passion, desire. -Aristotle': 1, '\x93Take a chance! All life is a chance. The man who goes farthest is generally the one who is willing to do and dare. -Dale Carnegie': 1, 'In all chaos there is a cosmos, in all disorder a secret order. -Carl Jung': 2, "Of all tyrannies, a tyranny exercised for the good of its victims may be the most oppressive. It may be better to live under robber barons than under omnipotent moral busybodies. The robber baron's cruelty may sometimes sleep, his cupidity may at some point be satiated; but those who torment us for our own good will torment us without end, for they do so with the approval of their own conscience. -C.S. Lewis": 1, 'Whatever affects one directly, affects all indirectly. I can never be what I ought to be until you are what you ought to be. This is the interrelated structure of reality. -Martin Luther King Jr.': 1, 'Humanity is acquiring all the right technology for all the wrong reasons. -Buckminster Fuller': 2, 'If eighty percent of your sales come from twenty percent of all of your items, just carry those twenty percent. -Henry Kissinger': 1, 'America is not like a blanket: one piece of unbroken cloth, the same color, the same texture, the same size. America is more like a quilt: many patches, many pieces, many colors, many sizes, all woven and held together by a common thread. -Jesse Jackson': 1, 'It is better to keep your mouth closed and let people think you are a fool than to open it and remove all doubt. -Mark Twain': 1, 'I could not handle being a woman, I would stay home all day and play with my breasts. -Steve Martin': 1, 'All children are artists. The problem is how to remain an artist once he grows up. -Pablo Picasso': 1, "It is a good idea to ''shop around'' before you settle on a doctor. Ask about the condition of his Mercedes. Ask about the competence of his mechanic. Don't be shy! After all, you're paying for it. -Dave Barry": 1, 'If all our misfortunes were laid in one common heap, whence everyone must take an equal portion, most people would be content to take their own and depart. -Socrates': 1, 'It must be remembered that there is nothing more difficult to plan, more doubtful of success nor more dangerous to manage than the creation of a new system. For the initiator has the enmity of all who profit by the preservation of the old institution and merely lukewarm defenders in those who would gain by the new one. -Nicolo Machiavelli': 1, 'This moment contains all moments. -C.S. Lewis': 1, 'Of all bad men religious bad men are the worst. -C.S. Lewis': 1, 'All good art is about something deeper than it admits. -Roger Ebert': 1, 'All enterprises that are entered into with indiscreet zeal may be pursued with great vigor at first, but are sure to collapse in the end. -Tacitus': 1, 'Every woman knows all about everything. -Rudyard Kipling': 1, 'It has been said that man is a rational animal. All my life I have been searching for evidence which could support this. -Bertrand Russell': 1, "Be thankful we're not getting all the government we're paying for. -Will Rogers": 1, 'Four-fifths of all our troubles would disappear, if we would only sit down and keep still. -Calvin Coolidge': 1, "A man's very highest moment is, I have no doubt at all, when he kneels in the dust, and beats his breast, and tells all the sins of his life. -Oscar Wilde": 2, 'Serious sport has nothing to do with fair play. It is bound up with hatred, jealousy, boastfulness, disregard of all rules and sadistic pleasure in witnessing violence. In other words: it is war minus the shooting. -George Orwell': 1, 'Of course the people dont want war...that is understood. But voice or no voice, the people can always be brought to the bidding of the leaders. That is easy. All you have to do is tell them they are being attacked, and denounce the pacifists for lack of patriotism and exposing the country to danger. It works the same in any country. -Hermann Goering': 1, 'A Native American elder once described his own inner struggles in this manner: Inside of me there are two dogs. One of the dogs is mean and evil. The other dog is good. The mean dog fights the good dog all the time. When asked which dog wins, he reflected. -George Bernard Shaw': 1, 'All virtue is summed up in dealing justly. -Aristotle': 1, "I have come to the conclusion that my subjective account of my motivation is largely mythical on almost all occasions. I don't know why I do things. -J.B.S. Haldane": 1, 'Beauty is all very well at first sight; but whoever looks at it when it has been in the house three days? -George Bernard Shaw': 1, 'I am Envy. I cannot read and therefore wish all books burned. -Christopher Marlowe': 1, 'Time is a great teacher, but unfortunately it kills all its pupils. -Louis Hector Berlioz': 1, 'To defend Western Europe we have to let the Pentagon buy all these tanks and guns and things, and the Pentagon is unable to buy any object that that costs less than a condominium in Vail. If the Pentagon needs, say, fruit, it will argue that it must have fruit that can withstand the rigors of combat conditions, and it will wind up purchasing the FX-700 Seedless Tactical Grape, which will cost $160,000 per bunch, and will have an 83 percent failure rate. -Dave Barry': 1, 'In Heaven all the interesting people are missing. -Friedrich Nietzsche': 1, "All I want out of life, is that when I walk down the street folks will say, 'There goes the greatest hitter that ever lived.' -Ted Williams": 1, 'We ascribe beauty to that which is simple; which has no superfluous parts; which exactly answers its end; which stands related to all things; which is the mean of many extremes. -Ralph Waldo Emerson': 1, 'The mind of the thoroughly well-informed man is a dreadful thing. It is like a bric-\xe0-brac shop, all monsters and dust, with everything priced above its proper value. -Oscar Wilde': 1, 'Of all lies, art is the least untrue. -Gustave Flaubert': 1, 'He has all the virtues I dislike and none of the vices I admire. -Winston Churchill': 1, 'Man was made for action, and to promote by the exertion of his faculties such changes in the external circumstances both of himself and others, as may seem most favourable to the happiness of all. -Adam Smith': 1, 'I have often wondered how it is that every man loves himself more than all the rest of men, but yet sets less value on his own opinion of himself than on the opinion of others. -Marcus Aurelius': 1, 'How did it happen that their lips came together? How does it happen that birds sing, that snow melts, that the rose unfolds, that the dawn whitens behind the stark shapes of trees on the quivering summit of the hill? A kiss, and all was said. -Victor Hugo': 1, 'Must not all things at the last be swallowed up in death? -Plato': 1, 'If a man is called to be a streetsweeper, he should sweep streets even as Michelangelo painted, or Beethoven composed music, or Shakespeare wrote poetry. He should sweep streets so well that all the host of heaven and earth will pause to say, here lived a great streetsweeper who did his job well. -Martin Luther King Jr.': 1, 'Humility is the foundation of all the other virtues hence, in the soul in which this virtue does not exist there cannot be any other virtue except in mere appearance. -Saint Augustine': 1, 'Man [has] always assumed that he was more intelligent than dolphins because he had achieved so much-the wheel, New York, wars and so on-while all the dolphins had ever done was muck about in the water having a good time. But conversely, the dolphins had always believed that they were far more intelligent than man-for precisely the same reason. -Douglas Adams': 1, 'Love is a fruit in season at all times, and within reach of every hand. -Mother Teresa': 1, 'Parting is all we know of heaven and all we need to know of hell. -Emily Dickinson': 2, 'Of all the animals, man is the only one that lies. -Mark Twain': 1, 'If men will not act for themselves, what will they do when the benefit of their effort is for all? -Elbert Hubbard': 1, "We all want progress, but if you're on the wrong road, progress means doing an about-turn and walking back to the right road; in that case, the man who turns back soonest is the most progressive. -C.S. Lewis": 1, 'We are all worms, but I do believe I am a glow-worm. -Winston Churchill': 1, 'The mystic chords of memory, stretching from every battlefield and patriot grave to every living heart and hearthstone all over this broad land, will yet swell the chorus of the Union, when again touched, as surely they will be, by the better angels of our nature. -Abraham Lincoln': 1, 'There are men in all ages who mean to govern well, but they mean to govern. They promise to be good masters, but they mean to be masters. -Daniel Webster': 1, 'All men are timid on entering any fight. Whether it is the first or the last fight, all of us are timid. Cowards are those who let their timidity get the better of their manhood. -George Patton': 2, 'Nothing gives one person so much advantage over another as to remain always cool and unruffled under all circumstances. -Thomas Jefferson': 1, "We all wish to be judged by our peers, by the men 'after our own heart.' Only they really know our mind and only they judge it by standards we fully acknowledge. Theirs is the praise we really covet and the blame we really dread. The little pockets of early Chrstians survived because they cared exclusively for the love of 'the bretheren' and stopped their ears to the opinion of the Pagan society around them. But a circle of criminals, cranks, or perverts survives in just the same way; by becoming deaf to the opinion of the outer world, by discounting it as the chatter of outsiders who 'don't understand,' of the 'conventional,' the 'bourgeois,' the 'Establishment,' of prigs, prudes, and humbugs. -C.S. Lewis": 1, 'All art is but imitation of nature. -Lucius Annaeus Seneca': 1, 'Sin has many tools, but a lie is the handle which fits them all. -Edmund Burke': 1, "My role in society, or any artist's or poet's role, is to try and express what we all feel. Not to tell people how to feel. Not as a preacher, not as a leader, but as a reflection of us all. -John Lennon": 2, "Mothers all want their sons to grow up to be president, but they don't want them to become politicians in the process. -John F. Kennedy": 1, 'All glory is fleeting. -George Patton': 1, "God's colors all are fast. -John Greenleaf Whittier": 1, 'If you will not fight for the right when you can easily win without bloodshed; if you will not fight when your victory will be sure and not too costly; you may come to the moment when you will have to fight with all the odds against you and only a small chance of survival. There may even be a worse case: you may have to fight when there is no hope of victory, because it is better to perish than to live as slaves. -Winston Churchill': 1, 'Egalitarians create the most dangerous inequality of all -- inequality of power. Allowing politicians to determine what all other human beings will be allowed to earn is one of the most reckless gambles imaginable. Like the income tax, it may start off being applied only to the rich but it will inevitably reach us all. -Thomas Sowell': 3, 'Observe constantly that all things take place by change, and accustom thyself to consider that the nature of the Universe love nothing so much as to change. The Universe is change. -Marcus Aurelius': 1, "I have a hobby...I have the world's largest collection of sea shells. I keep it scattered on beaches all over the world. Maybe you've seen some of it... -Steven Wright": 1, 'Every year, back comes Spring, with nasty little birds yapping their fool heads off and the ground all mucked up with plants. -Dorothy Parker': 1, 'Love means loving the unlovable - or it is no virtue at all. -GK Chesterton': 1, 'That men do not learn very much from the lessons of history is the most important of all the lessons of history. -Aldous Huxley': 1, 'Love anything and your heart will be wrung and possibly broken. If you want to make sure of keeping it intact you must give it to no one, not even an animal. Wrap it carefully round with hobbies and little luxuries; avoid all entanglements. Lock it up safe in the casket or coffin of your selfishness. But in that casket, safe, dark, motionless, airless, it will change. It will not be broken; it will become unbreakable, impenetrable, irredeemable. To love is to be vulnerable. -C.S. Lewis': 1, 'Rome remained free for four hundred years and Sparta eight hundred, although their citizens were armed all that time; but many other states that have been disarmed have lost their liberties in less than forty years. -Nicolo Machiavelli': 1, 'The thing we all have to understand to put these last two years in focus, is that liberals in this country care more about whether European leaders like us than they do about whether terrorists are killing us. -Rush Limbaugh': 1, 'When nothing seems to help, I go and look at a stonecutter hammering away at his rock perhaps a hundred times without as much as a crack showing in it. Yet at the hundred and first blow it will split in two, and I know it was not that blow that did it, but all that had gone before. -Jacob August Riis': 1, "You know, there's a million fine looking women in the world, dude. But they don't all bring you lasagna at work. Most of 'em just cheat on you. -Kevin Smith": 1, 'All men desire to know. -Aristotle': 1, 'He that would live in peace and at ease must not speak all he knows or all he sees. -Benjamin Franklin': 2} 
liar {'A man is never more truthful than when he acknowledges himself a liar. -Mark Twain': 1} 
forget {'Those who forget good and evil and seek only to know the facts are more likely to achieve good than those who view the world through the distorting medium of their own desires. -Bertrand Russell': 1, 'Let us not forget that the cultivation of the earth is the most important labor of man. When tillage begins, other arts will follow. The farmers, therefore, are the founders of civilization. -Daniel Webster': 1} 
ceases {'Life does not cease to be funny when people die any more than it ceases to be serious when people laugh. -George Bernard Shaw': 1} 
caused {'If we do not help a man in trouble, it is as if we caused the trouble. -Nachman of Bratslav': 1} 
lack {'I made this letter longer than usual because I lack the time to make it short. -Blaise Pascal': 1, 'Of course the people dont want war...that is understood. But voice or no voice, the people can always be brought to the bidding of the leaders. That is easy. All you have to do is tell them they are being attacked, and denounce the pacifists for lack of patriotism and exposing the country to danger. It works the same in any country. -Hermann Goering': 1} 
worms {'We are all worms, but I do believe I am a glow-worm. -Winston Churchill': 1} 
month {"If you could kick the person in the pants responsible for most of your trouble, you wouldn't sit for a month. -Theodore Roosevelt": 1} 
founded {'Alexander, Caesar, Charlemagne, and myself founded empires; but what foundation did we rest the creations of our genius? Upon force. Jesus Christ founded an empire upon love; and at this hour millions of men would die for Him. -Napoleon Bonaparte': 2, 'America is the only country ever founded on a creed. -GK Chesterton': 1, 'No doubt those who really founded modern science were usually those whose love of truth exceeded their love of power. -C.S. Lewis': 1} 
barons {"Of all tyrannies, a tyranny exercised for the good of its victims may be the most oppressive. It may be better to live under robber barons than under omnipotent moral busybodies. The robber baron's cruelty may sometimes sleep, his cupidity may at some point be satiated; but those who torment us for our own good will torment us without end, for they do so with the approval of their own conscience. -C.S. Lewis": 1} 
fairness {'Though force can protect in emergency, only justice, fairness, consideration and cooperation can finally lead men to the dawn of eternal peace. -Dwight Eisenhower': 1} 
follow {'No sooner do we depart from sense and instinct to follow reason but we are insensibly drawn into uncouth paradoxes, difficulties, and inconsistencies, which multiply and grow upon us as we advance in speculation; till at length, having wandered through many intricate mazes, we find ourselves just where we were, or, which is worse, sit down in a forlorn scepticism. -George Berkeley': 1, 'Let us not forget that the cultivation of the earth is the most important labor of man. When tillage begins, other arts will follow. The farmers, therefore, are the founders of civilization. -Daniel Webster': 1, "Don't walk in front of me, I may not follow. Don't walk behind me, I may not lead. Just walk beside me and be my friend. -Albert Camus": 1} 
behooves {'It behooves every man to remember that the work of the critic is of altogether secondary importance, and that, in the end, progress is accomplished by the man who does things. -Theodore Roosevelt': 1} 
religious {"I'm not normally a religious man, but if you're up there, save me, Superman! -Homer Simpson": 1, "Unless the religious claims of the Bible are again acknowledged, its literary claims will, I think, be given only 'mouth honour' and that decreasingly. -C.S. Lewis": 1, 'Of all bad men religious bad men are the worst. -C.S. Lewis': 1} 
children {'Children today know more about sex than I or my father did. -Bill Cosby': 1, 'Rhis is to be asserted in general of men: that they are ungrateful, fickle, false, cowardly, covetous, and as long as you succeed, are yours entirely; they will offer you their blood, property, life, and children...when the need is far distant; but when it approaches, they will turn against you. -Nicolo Machiavelli': 1, 'Children always understand. They have open minds. They have built-in shit detectors. -Madonna Ciccone': 1, 'Your children need your presence more than your presents. -Jesse Jackson': 1, 'All children are artists. The problem is how to remain an artist once he grows up. -Pablo Picasso': 1, 'Have children while your parents are still young enough to take care of them. -Rita Rudner': 1, 'Providence protects children and idiots. I know because I have tested it. -Mark Twain': 1, 'Just think of the tragedy of teaching children not to doubt. -Clarence Darrow': 1, 'Back in the old days, most families were close-knit. Grown children and their parents continued to live together, under the same roof, sometimes in the same small, crowded room, year in and year out, until they died, frequently by strangulation. -Dave Barry': 1, 'Mothers are fonder than fathers of their children because they are more certain they are their own. -Aristotle': 1, 'Children are innocent and love justice, while most adults are wicked and prefer mercy. -GK Chesterton': 1, 'There are fathers who do not love their children; there is no grandfather who does not adore his grandson. -Victor Hugo': 1, "We must repsect the other fellow's religion, but only in the sense and to the extent that we respect his theory that his wife is beautiful and his children are smart. -Henry Mencken": 1, 'If my children wake up on Christmas morning and have someone to thank for putting candy in their stocking, have I no one to thank for putting two feet in mine? -GK Chesterton': 1, 'There is nothing funny about Halloween. This sarcastic festival reflects, rather, an infernal demand for revenge by children on the adult world. -Jean Baudrillard': 1} 
causes {'All human actions have one or more of these seven causes: chance, nature, compulsions, habit, reason, passion, desire. -Aristotle': 1} 
dreadful {'The mind of the thoroughly well-informed man is a dreadful thing. It is like a bric-\xe0-brac shop, all monsters and dust, with everything priced above its proper value. -Oscar Wilde': 1} 
altruism {'Every man must decide whether he will walk in the light of creative altruism or in the darkness of destructive selfishness. -Martin Luther King Jr.': 1} 
tinsel {'Christmas can be celebrated in the school room with pine trees, tinsel and reindeers, but there must be no mention of the man whose birthday is being celebrated. One wonders how a teacher would answer if a student asked why it was called Christmas. -Ronald Reagan': 1} 
homage {'Question with boldness even the existence of a God; because, if there be one, he must more approve of the homage of reason, than that of blind-folded fear. -Thomas Jefferson': 1} 
ignorant {'Men are born ignorant, not stupid; they are made stupid by education. -Bertrand Russell': 1} 
saul bellow {'She was what we used to call a suicide blond - dyed by her own hand. -Saul Bellow': 1, 'A great deal of intelligence can be invested in ignorance when the need for illusion is deep. -Saul Bellow': 1} 
encourage {'People have a way of becoming what you encourage them to be, not what you nag them to be. -Author Unknown': 1} 
to {'Chicago sounds rough to the maker of verse. One comfort we have: Cincinnati sounds worse. -Oliver Wendell Holmes': 1, 'I will honor Christmas in my heart, and try to keep it all the year. -Charles Dickens': 1, 'Those who bring sunshine to the lives of others, cannot keep it from themselves. -James Matthew Barrie': 1, 'Through pride we are ever deceiving ourselves. But deep down below the surface of the average conscience a still, small voice says to us, something is out of tune. -Carl Jung': 1, "There are people who put their dreams in a little box and say, Yes, I've got dreams, of course I've got dreams. Then they put the box away and bring it out once in awhile to look in it, and yep, they're still there. -Erna Bombeck": 1, 'After silence, that which comes nearest to expressing the inexpressible is Music. -Aldous Huxley': 1, "What sunshine is to flowers, smiles are to humanity. These are but trifles, to be sure; but scattered along life's pathway, the good they do is inconceivable. -Joseph Addison": 3, 'The act of policing is, in order to punish less often, to punish more severely. -Napoleon Bonaparte': 2, 'It is hard to fail, but it is worse never to have tried to succeed. -Theodore Roosevelt': 3, "Of all tyrannies, a tyranny exercised for the good of its victims may be the most oppressive. It may be better to live under robber barons than under omnipotent moral busybodies. The robber baron's cruelty may sometimes sleep, his cupidity may at some point be satiated; but those who torment us for our own good will torment us without end, for they do so with the approval of their own conscience. -C.S. Lewis": 1, 'You find out more about God from the Moral Law than from the univerise in general just as you find out more about a man by listening to his conversation than by looking at a house he has built. -C.S. Lewis': 1, 'I am a writer of books in retrospect. I talk in order to understand; I teach in order to learn. -Robert Frost': 2, 'I never see what has been done; I only see what remains to be done. -Siddhartha Buddha': 1, 'Being is desirable because it is identical with Beauty, and Beauty is loved because it is Being. We ourselves possess Beauty when we are true to our own being; ugliness is in going over to another order; knowing ourselves, we are beautiful; in self-ignorance, we are ugly. -Ambrose Bierce': 2, 'Everything that irritates us about others can lead us to an understanding of ourselves. -Carl Jung': 1, 'Man is the only animal that blushes - or needs to. -Mark Twain': 1, 'Always leave something to wish for; otherwise you will be miserable from your very happiness. -Baltasar Gracian': 1, 'Against criticism a man can neither protest nor defend himself; he must act in spite of it, and then it will gradually yield to him. -Johann Wolfgang von Goethe': 1, 'The greatness of our country has been based on our thinking that everyone has a right even to be wrong. -Ronald Reagan': 1, 'All children are artists. The problem is how to remain an artist once he grows up. -Pablo Picasso': 1, "You can't build a reputation on what you are going to do. -Henry Ford": 1, 'Back in the old days, most families were close-knit. Grown children and their parents continued to live together, under the same roof, sometimes in the same small, crowded room, year in and year out, until they died, frequently by strangulation. -Dave Barry': 1, "It is a good idea to ''shop around'' before you settle on a doctor. Ask about the condition of his Mercedes. Ask about the competence of his mechanic. Don't be shy! After all, you're paying for it. -Dave Barry": 1, 'If all our misfortunes were laid in one common heap, whence everyone must take an equal portion, most people would be content to take their own and depart. -Socrates': 1, 'The writer\x92s job is not to judge, but to seek to understand. -Ernest Hemingway': 3, 'Freedom is not something that anybody can be given; freedom is something people take and people are as free as they want to be. -James Baldwin': 1, "As a woman, I find it very embarrassing to be in a meeting and realize I'm the only one in the room with balls. -Rita Mae Brown": 1, 'The object of teaching a child is to enable him to get along without a teacher. -Elbert Hubbard': 2, 'I hope that when you are my age, you will be able to say as I have been able to say: We lived in freedom. We lived lives that were a statement, not an apology. -Ronald Reagan': 2, 'Politics has got so expensive that it takes lots of money to even get beat with. -Will Rogers': 1, "I like to say that I'm bisexual...when I want sex, I buy it. -Boy George": 1, 'Democratic nations must try to find ways to starve the terrorist and the hijacker of the oxygen of publicity on which they depend. -Margaret Thatcher': 2, 'The greatest lesson in life is to know that even fools are right sometimes. -Winston Churchill': 1, "One thing they never tell you about child raising is that for the rest of your life, at the drop of a hat, you are expected to know your child's name and how old he or she is. -Erna Bombeck": 1, 'As I would not be a slave, so I would not be a master. This expresses my idea of democracy. Whatever differs from this, to the extent of the difference, is no democracy. -Abraham Lincoln': 1, 'Reason is experimental intelligence, conceived after the pattern of science, and used in the creation of social arts; it has something to do. It liberates man from the bondage of the past, due to ignorance and accident hardened into custom. It projects a better future and assists man in its realization. -John Dewey': 2, 'Philosophy is to the real world as masturbation is to sex. -Karl Marx': 2, 'Nobody expects to trust his body overmuch after the age of fifty. -Alexander Hamilton': 1, 'Serious sport has nothing to do with fair play. It is bound up with hatred, jealousy, boastfulness, disregard of all rules and sadistic pleasure in witnessing violence. In other words: it is war minus the shooting. -George Orwell': 1, "The right to swing my fist ends where the other man's nose begins. -Oliver Wendell Holmes": 1, "I'm a middle age white guy, which means I'm constantly reminded that my particular group is responsible for the oppression of every known minority PLUS most wars PLUS government corruption PLUS pollution of the environment, not to mention that it was middle-age white guys who killed Bambi's mom. -Dave Barry": 1, 'Of course the people dont want war...that is understood. But voice or no voice, the people can always be brought to the bidding of the leaders. That is easy. All you have to do is tell them they are being attacked, and denounce the pacifists for lack of patriotism and exposing the country to danger. It works the same in any country. -Hermann Goering': 3, "You give me a credit to which I have no claim in calling me 'the writer of the Constitution of the United States.' This was not, like the fabled Goddess of Wisdom, the offspring of a single brain. It ought to be regarded as the work of many heads and many hands. -James Madison": 2, "The function of RAM is to give us guys a way of deciding whose computer has the biggest, studliest, most tumescent MEMORY. This is important, because with today's complex software, the more memory a computer has, the faster it can produce error messages. So the bottom line is, if you're a guy, you cannot have enough RAM. -Dave Barry": 1, "Thus far, the reputed idiot Bush has graduated from Yale and Harvard, made a stack of cash in the oil industry, become the first consecutive-term governor of Texas, defeated a dual-term VP for the presidency, and led his party to [November 5th's] extraordinary triumphs. Let his opponents keep calling him stupid; if they do, within five years Bush will be King of England, the Pope, and world Formula One motor racing champion. -Tim Blair": 1, "No matter what they're charging to get in, it's worth more to get out. -Roger Ebert": 2, 'We should take care not to make the intellect our god; it has, of course, powerful muscles, but no personality. -Albert Einstein': 1, "'Tis the business of little minds to shrink, but he whose heart is firm, and whose conscience approves his conduct, will pursue his principles unto death. -Thomas Paine": 1, 'I have been the artist with the longest career, and I am so proud and honoured to be chosen from heaven to be invincible. -Michael Jackson': 2, 'We have to make America the best place in the world to do business. -Dick Cheney': 2, 'If you start to think about your physical or moral condition, you usually find that you are sick. -Johann Wolfgang von Goethe': 1, 'Rhis is to be asserted in general of men: that they are ungrateful, fickle, false, cowardly, covetous, and as long as you succeed, are yours entirely; they will offer you their blood, property, life, and children...when the need is far distant; but when it approaches, they will turn against you. -Nicolo Machiavelli': 1, 'We ascribe beauty to that which is simple; which has no superfluous parts; which exactly answers its end; which stands related to all things; which is the mean of many extremes. -Ralph Waldo Emerson': 2, "Being a leader is like being a lady, if you have to go around telling people you are one, you aren't. -Margaret Thatcher": 1, "In every man's heart there is a secret nerve that answers to the vibrations of beauty. -Christopher Morley": 1, 'He therefore is the truest friend to the liberty of this country who tries most to promote its virtue, and who, so far as his power and influence extend, will not suffer a man to be chosen into any office of power and trust who is not a wise and virtuous man. -Samuel Adams': 3, 'It behooves every man to remember that the work of the critic is of altogether secondary importance, and that, in the end, progress is accomplished by the man who does things. -Theodore Roosevelt': 1, 'There are men in all ages who mean to govern well, but they mean to govern. They promise to be good masters, but they mean to be masters. -Daniel Webster': 4, "I'm never going to be famous. My name will never be writ large on the roster of Those Who Do Things. I don't do any thing. Not one single thing. I used to bite my nails, but I don't even do that any more. -Dorothy Parker": 2, 'Marriage is our last, best chance to grow up. -Joseph Barth': 1, "Life's Tragedy is that we get old to soon and wise too late. -Benjamin Franklin": 1, 'They that can give up essential liberty to obtain a little temporary safety deserve neither liberty nor safety. -Benjamin Franklin': 1, "There are some who've forgotten why we have a military. It's not to promote war; it's to be prepared for peace. -Ronald Reagan": 2, "Everybody can be great... because anybody can serve. You don't have to have a college degree to serve. You don't have to make your subject and verb agree to serve. You only need a heart full of grace. A soul generated by love. -Martin Luther King Jr.": 4, "Mothers all want their sons to grow up to be president, but they don't want them to become politicians in the process. -John F. Kennedy": 3, 'Maturity is a bitter disappointment for which no remedy exists, unless laughter can be said to remedy anything. -Kurt Vonnegut': 1, "Don't ask God to change the laws of nature for you. -Nachman of Bratslav": 1, 'If you will not fight for the right when you can easily win without bloodshed; if you will not fight when your victory will be sure and not too costly; you may come to the moment when you will have to fight with all the odds against you and only a small chance of survival. There may even be a worse case: you may have to fight when there is no hope of victory, because it is better to perish than to live as slaves. -Winston Churchill': 5, 'New knowledge is the most valuable commodity on earth. The more truth we have to work with, the richer we become. -Kurt Vonnegut': 1, 'Indeed, man wishes to be happy even when he so lives as to make happiness impossible. -Saint Augustine': 2, "To me, it's always a good idea to always carry two sacks of something when you walk around. That way, if anybody says, 'Hey, can you give me a hand?,' you can say, 'Sorry, got these sacks.' -Jack Handey": 2, 'Government is not a solution to our problem, government is the problem. -Ronald Reagan': 1, "We must repsect the other fellow's religion, but only in the sense and to the extent that we respect his theory that his wife is beautiful and his children are smart. -Henry Mencken": 1, 'You are never too old to set another goal or to dream a new dream. -C.S. Lewis': 2, "To find out a girl's faults, praise her to her girl friends. -Benjamin Franklin": 2, 'We are healed from suffering only by experiencing it to the full. -Marcel Proust': 1, 'If tyranny and oppression come to this land, it will be in the guise of fighting a foreign enemy. -James Madison': 1, 'Love yourself first and everything else falls into line. You really have to love yourself to get anything done in this world. -Lucille Ball': 2, "I'm the type who'd be happy not going anywhere as long as I was sure I knew exactly what was happening at the places I wasn't going to. I'm the type who'd like to sit home and watch every party that I'm invited to on a monitor in my bedroom. -Andy Warhol": 3, "I don't work according to nature, but infront and together with it. An artist must observe the nature, but never confuse it with the art. -Pablo Picasso": 1, "Playwriting gets into your blood and you can't stop it. At least, not until the producers or the public tell you to. -T.S. Eliot": 1, 'Nature is trying very hard to make us succeed, but nature does not depend on us. We are not the only experiment. -Buckminster Fuller': 1, 'The difference between sex and death is that with death you can do it alone and no one is going to make fun of you. -Woody Allen': 1, 'Religion to me has always been the wound, not the bandage. -Dennis Potter': 1, 'Experience proves this, or that, or nothing, according to the preconceptions we bring to it. -C.S. Lewis': 2, 'Remember not only to say the right thing in the right place, but far more difficult still, to leave unsaid the wrong thing at the tempting moment. -Benjamin Franklin': 2, 'All men desire to know. -Aristotle': 1, 'You must be the change you wish to see in the world. -Mahatma Gandhi': 1, 'A brain has to digest its food, too. -Jason Mechalek': 1, "It is impossible to experience one's death objectively and still carry a tune. -Woody Allen": 1, 'Were it possible for us to wait for ourselves to come into the room, not many of us would find our hearts breaking into flower as we heard the door handle turn. -Rebecca West': 2, 'As Mankind becomes more liberal, they will be more apt to allow that all those who conduct themselves as worthy members of the community are equally entitled to the protections of civil government. I hope ever to see America among the foremost nations of justice and liberality. -George Washington': 3, 'To be awake is to be alive. -Henry Thoreau': 2, "Happiness is so hard to define and foolish to define. Am I acting? That's the worst thing you can ask yourself. You can be happy suddenly. It can spring on you, not when you reach a plateau. You can be happy going backward or going down. You can be happy at the loss of something. -Steve Martin": 2, 'The best way to win an argument is to begin by being right. -Jill Ruckleshaus': 2, "Accept good advice gracefully--as long as it doesn't interfere with what you intended to do in the first place. -Gene Brown": 1, "You should do your own car repairs. It's an easy way to save money and possibly maim yourself for life. -Dave Barry": 1, 'If the primary aim of a captain were to preserve his ship, he would keep it in port forever. -Thomas Aquinas': 1, 'It is better to be bold than too circumspect, because fortune is of a sex which likes not a tardy wooer and repulses all who are not ardent. -Nicolo Machiavelli': 1, 'No human relation gives one possession in another...every two souls are absolutely different. In friendship and in love, the two side by side raise hands together to find what one cannot reach alone. -Kahlil Gibran': 1, '\x93Take a chance! All life is a chance. The man who goes farthest is generally the one who is willing to do and dare. -Dale Carnegie': 1, 'Nothing gives one person so much advantage over another as to remain always cool and unruffled under all circumstances. -Thomas Jefferson': 1, 'Whatever affects one directly, affects all indirectly. I can never be what I ought to be until you are what you ought to be. This is the interrelated structure of reality. -Martin Luther King Jr.': 2, 'People will pay more to be entertained than educated. -Johnny Carson': 1, 'Live as if you were to die tomorrow. Learn as if you were to live forever. -Mahatma Gandhi': 2, "I think, at a child's birth, if a mother could ask a fairy godmother to endow it with the most useful gift, that gift should be curiosity. -Eleanor Roosevelt": 1, 'It is better to keep your mouth closed and let people think you are a fool than to open it and remove all doubt. -Mark Twain': 2, 'Theology is only thought applied to religion. -GK Chesterton': 1, "I think it's the duty of the comedian to find out where the line is drawn and cross it deliberately. -George Carlin": 1, 'Imagination is a quality given a man to compensate him for what he is not, and a sense of humor was provided to console him for what he is. -Oscar Wilde': 2, "A University of Chicago professor said the greatest day in the world was when a water puppy crawled out on land and decided to stay. The water puppy, he said, went on to become a man. If he proves that, I am willing to give up Christmas, Thanksgiving, and New Year's Day, and to celebrate Water Puppy Day. -William Jennings Bryan": 4, 'It must be remembered that there is nothing more difficult to plan, more doubtful of success nor more dangerous to manage than the creation of a new system. For the initiator has the enmity of all who profit by the preservation of the old institution and merely lukewarm defenders in those who would gain by the new one. -Nicolo Machiavelli': 2, 'Imagination will often carry us to worlds that never were. But without it, we go nowhere. -Carl Sagan': 1, 'Feminism was established to allow unattractive women easier access to the mainstream. -Rush Limbaugh': 2, "Duties are not performed for duty's sake, but because their neglect would make the man uncomfortable. A man performs but one duty - the duty of contenting his spirit, the duty of making himself agreeable to himself. -Mark Twain": 1, 'Everything that used to be a sin is now a disease. -Bill Maher': 1, 'It is very easy to tell the difference between man-made and God-made objects. The more you magnify man-made objects, the cruder they look, but the more you magnify God-made objects, the more precise and intricate they appear. -Luther Sutherland': 1, 'To be a philosopher is not merely to have subtle thoughts; but so to love wisdom as to live according to its dictates. -Henry Thoreau': 5, "We seem to be going through a period of nostalgia, and everyone seems to think yesterday was better than today. I don't think it was, and I would advise you not to wait ten years before admitting today was great. If you're hung up on nostalgia, pretend today is yesterday and just go out and have one hell of a time. -Art Buchwald": 3, 'There is a great deal of difference between an eager man who wants to read a book and the tired man who wants a book to read. -GK Chesterton': 2, "Advice to young writers who want to get ahead without annoying delays: don\x92t write about Man, write about 'a' man. -E.B. White": 2, 'Before reciting his prayers, a man should give to charity. -Nachman of Bratslav': 1, 'Our nettlesome task is to discover how to organize our strength into compelling power. -Martin Luther King Jr.': 2, 'There is nothing more exhilarating than to be shot at without result. -Winston Churchill': 1, "Having a male gynecologist is like going to an auto mechanic who doesn't own a car. -Carrie Snow": 1, "I didn't come to Washington to be loved and I haven't been disappointed. -Philip L. Gramm": 2, 'A government which robs Peter to pay Paul can always depend on the support of Paul. -George Bernard Shaw': 1, 'We know life is futile. A man who considers that his life is of very wonderful importance is awfully close to a padded cell. -Clarence Darrow': 1, 'I honestly think it is better to be a failure at something you love than to be a success at something you hate. -George Burns': 2, 'There is luxury in self-reproach. When we blame ourselves, we feel no one else has a right to blame us. -Oscar Wilde': 1, "Many of life's failures are people who did not realize how close they were to success when they gave up. -Thomas Edison": 1, 'He who is not courageous enough to take risks will accomplish nothing in life. -Muhammad Ali': 1, 'Freedom is nothing else but a chance to be better. -Albert Camus': 1, 'No sooner do we depart from sense and instinct to follow reason but we are insensibly drawn into uncouth paradoxes, difficulties, and inconsistencies, which multiply and grow upon us as we advance in speculation; till at length, having wandered through many intricate mazes, we find ourselves just where we were, or, which is worse, sit down in a forlorn scepticism. -George Berkeley': 1, 'An oppressive government is more to be feared than a tiger. -Confucius': 1, 'I do not believe one can settle how much we ought to give. I am afraid the only safe rule is to give more than we can spare. -C.S. Lewis': 2, 'Are you entitled to the fruits of your labor or does government have some presumptive right to spend and spend and spend? -Ronald Reagan': 2, 'I thought it completely absurd to mention my name in the same breath as the Presidency. -Dwight Eisenhower': 1, 'Parting is all we know of heaven and all we need to know of hell. -Emily Dickinson': 1, "My role in society, or any artist's or poet's role, is to try and express what we all feel. Not to tell people how to feel. Not as a preacher, not as a leader, but as a reflection of us all. -John Lennon": 3, "The practice of art isn't to make a living. It's to make your soul grow. -Kurt Vonnegut": 2, "We all want progress, but if you're on the wrong road, progress means doing an about-turn and walking back to the right road; in that case, the man who turns back soonest is the most progressive. -C.S. Lewis": 1, 'The fool doth think he is wise, but the wise man knows himself to be a fool. -William Shakespeare': 1, 'Such is the delicacy of man alone, that no object is produced to his liking. He finds that in everything there is need for improvement. The whole industry of human life is employed not in procuring the supply of our three humble necessities, food, clothes and lodging, but in procuring the conveniences of it according to the nicety and delicacy of our tastes. -Adam Smith': 2, 'If we have no peace, it is because we have forgotten that we belong to each other. -Mother Teresa': 1, "Don't join the book burners. Do not think you are going to conceal thoughts by concealing evidence that they ever existed. -Dwight Eisenhower": 1, "I think a good gift for the president would be a chocolate revolver. And since he's so busy, you'd probably have to run up to him and hand it to him. -Jack Handey": 3, 'To know what is impenetrable to us really exists, manifesting itself as the highest wisdom and the most radiant beauty...this knowledge, this feeling is at the center of true religiousness. -Albert Einstein': 2, 'It is hard to believe that a man is telling the truth when you know that you would lie if you were in his place. -Henry Mencken': 1, 'The worst moment for the athieist is when he feels thankful and has no one to thank. -Dante Gabriel Rossetti': 1, "If you're afraid to ask the question, it's probably because you already know the answer. -Miriam M. Wynn": 1, 'Liberty exists in proportion to wholesome restraint. -Daniel Webster': 1, 'She was what we used to call a suicide blond - dyed by her own hand. -Saul Bellow': 1, 'To be what we are, and to become what we are capable of becoming, is the only end of life. -Robert Louis Stevenson': 2, "Associate yourself with men of good quality if you esteem your own reputation; for 'tis better to be alone than in bad company. -George Washington": 1, 'No nation keeps its word. A nation is a big, blind worm, following what? Fate perhaps. A nation has no honor, it has no word to keep. -Carl Jung': 1, "Being president is like being a jackass in a hailstorm. There's nothing to do but stand there and take it. -Lyndon B. Johnson": 1, 'God does not give heed to the ambitiousness of our prayers, because he is always ready to give to us his light, not a visible light but an intellectual and spiritual one; but we are not always ready to receive it when we turn aside and down to other things out of a desire for temporal things. -Saint Augustine': 5, 'The mystic chords of memory, stretching from every battlefield and patriot grave to every living heart and hearthstone all over this broad land, will yet swell the chorus of the Union, when again touched, as surely they will be, by the better angels of our nature. -Abraham Lincoln': 1, 'Love anything and your heart will be wrung and possibly broken. If you want to make sure of keeping it intact you must give it to no one, not even an animal. Wrap it carefully round with hobbies and little luxuries; avoid all entanglements. Lock it up safe in the casket or coffin of your selfishness. But in that casket, safe, dark, motionless, airless, it will change. It will not be broken; it will become unbreakable, impenetrable, irredeemable. To love is to be vulnerable. -C.S. Lewis': 4, 'The broad masses of a population are more amenable to the appeal of rhetoric than to any other force. -Adolf Hitler': 2, 'I feel impelled to speak today in a language that in a sense is new-one which I, who have spent so much of my life in the military profession, would have preferred never to use. That new language is the language of atomic warfare. -Dwight Eisenhower': 2, 'Probable impossibilities are to be preferred to improbable possibilities. -Aristotle': 2, 'Take time to deliberate, but when the time for action has arrived, stop thinking and go in. -Napoleon Bonaparte': 1, 'The thing we all have to understand to put these last two years in focus, is that liberals in this country care more about whether European leaders like us than they do about whether terrorists are killing us. -Rush Limbaugh': 2, "Don't worry about the world coming to an end today. It's already tomorrow in Australia. -Charles Schulz": 1, 'When nothing seems to help, I go and look at a stonecutter hammering away at his rock perhaps a hundred times without as much as a crack showing in it. Yet at the hundred and first blow it will split in two, and I know it was not that blow that did it, but all that had gone before. -Jacob August Riis': 1, 'Women need a reason to have sex -- men just need a place. -Billy Crystal': 1, 'Under the doctrine of the separation of powers, the manner in which the president personally exercises his assigned executive powers is not subject to questioning by another branch of government. -Richard Nixon': 1, 'The aging process has you firmly in its grasp if you never get the urge to throw a snowball. -Doug Larson': 1, 'Experience is that marvelous thing that enables you to recognize a mistake when you make it again. -Franklin Jones': 1, 'Those who forget good and evil and seek only to know the facts are more likely to achieve good than those who view the world through the distorting medium of their own desires. -Bertrand Russell': 2, 'Three grand essentials to happiness in this life are something to do, something to love, and something to hope for. -Joseph Addison': 4, 'Inspiration exists, but it has to find you working. -Pablo Picasso': 1, "The most exciting phrase to hear in science, the one that heralds new discoveries, is not 'Eureka!' (I found it!) but 'That's funny...' -Isaac Asimov": 1, "Science is not about building a body of known 'facts'. It is a method for asking awkward questions and subjecting them to a reality-check, thus avoiding the human tendency to believe whatever makes us feel good. -Terry Pratchett": 2, "I planted some bird seed. A bird came up. Now I don't know what to feed it. -Steven Wright": 1, 'War - an act of violence whose object is to constrain the enemy, to accomplish our will. -George Washington': 2, 'Success is going from failure to failure without losing enthusiasm. -Winston Churchill': 1, "When you stop giving and offering something to the rest of the world, it's time to turn out the lights. -George Burns": 2, 'My aim is to put down on paper what I see and what I feel in the best and simplest way. -Ernest Hemingway': 1, "The puritanism of Christianity has played havoc with the moderation that an enlightened and tolerant critical spirit would have produced. I've noticed that in whatever country, county, town, or other region there is a regulation enjoining temperance, the population seems to be entirely composed of teetotallers and drunkards. There's a Bible on that shelf there. But I keep it next to Voltaire - poison and antidote. -Bertrand Russell": 2, 'No man will make a great leader who wants to do it all himself or get all the credit for doing it. -Andrew Carnegie': 1, 'The Nation which indulges toward another an habitual hatred or an habitual fondness is in some degree a slave. It is a slave to its animosity or to its affection, either of which is sufficient to lead it astray from its duty and its interest. -George Washington': 3, 'Education is an admirable thing, but it is well to remember from time to time that nothing that is worth knowing can be taught. -Oscar Wilde': 2, "Anybody can become angry - that is easy, but to be angry with the right person and to the right degree and at the right time and for the right purpose, and in the right way - that is not within everybody's power and is not easy. -Aristotle": 2, 'Beauty is ever to the lonely mind a shadow fleeting; she is never plain. She is a visitor who leaves behind the gift of grief, the souvenir of pain. -Christopher Morley': 1, 'We have it in our power to begin the world over again. -Thomas Paine': 1, 'A powerful idea communicates some of its strength to him who challenges it. -Marcel Proust': 1, 'Some of your countrymen were unable to distinguish between their native dislike for war and the stainless patriotism of those who suffered its scars. But there has been a rethinking and now we can say to you, and say as a nation, thank you for your courage. -Ronald Reagan': 2, 'People have a way of becoming what you encourage them to be, not what you nag them to be. -Author Unknown': 2, 'On account of being a democracy and run by the people, we are the only nation in the world that has to keep a government four years, no matter what it does. -Will Rogers': 1, 'The first principle is that you must not fool yourself - and you are the easiest person to fool. -Richard P. Feynman': 1, "The movie's director is the pilot. It's his vision. For an actor, the time to worry about flying is when you're on the ground. If you don't want to fly with the director, don't get on the plane. -Denzel Washington": 2, "I realise that I'm making gender-based generalizations here, but my feeling is that if God did not want us to make gender-based generalizations, She would not have given us genders. -Dave Barry": 1, 'If you judge people, you have no time to love them. -Mother Teresa': 1, 'It is one of the blessings of old friends that you can afford to be stupid with them. -Ralph Waldo Emerson': 1, 'To you taxpayers out there, let me say this: Make sure you file your tax return on time! And remember that, even though income taxes can be a \x93pain in the neck,\x94 the folks at the IRS are regular people just like you, except that they can destroy your life. -Dave Barry': 1, 'The greatest monarch on the proudest throne is obliged to sit upon his own arse. -Benjamin Franklin': 1, "We've got to live. No matter how many skies have fallen. -D.H. Lawrence": 1, "It does not require a majority to prevail, but rather an irate, tireless minority keen to set brush fires in people's minds. -Samuel Adams": 2, 'Many who seem to be struggling with adversity are happy; many, amid great affluence, are utterly miserable. -Tacitus': 1, 'All enterprises that are entered into with indiscreet zeal may be pursued with great vigor at first, but are sure to collapse in the end. -Tacitus': 1, 'Most modern freedom is at root fear. It is not so much that we are too bold to endure rules; it is rather that we are too timid to endure responsibilities. -GK Chesterton': 2, "This is slavery, not to speak one's thought. -Euripides": 1, 'True wisdom comes to each of us when we realize how little we understand about life, ourselves, and the world around us. -Socrates': 1, "I love argument, I love debate. I don't expect anyone just to sit there and agree with me, that's not their job. -Margaret Thatcher": 1, 'It is only our bad temper that we put down to being tired or worried or hungry; we put our good temper down to ourselves. -C.S. Lewis': 2, "Without computers, the government would be unable to function at the level of effectiveness and efficiency that we have come to expect.  This is because the primary function of the government is -- and here I am quoting directly from the U.S. Constitution -- 'to spew out paper.' -Dave Barry": 3, 'History does not long entrust the care of freedom to the weak or the timid. -Dwight Eisenhower': 1, 'Surely what a man does when he is caught off his guard is the best evidence as to what sort of man he is. -C.S. Lewis': 1, 'It is by the goodness of God that, in this country, we have three benefits: freedom of speech, freedom of thought, and the wisdom never to use either. -Mark Twain': 1, 'To me there has never been a higher source of earthly honor or distinction than that connected with advances in science. -Isaac Newton': 1, 'When the human race has once acquired a supersitition nothing short of death is ever likely to remove it. -Mark Twain': 1, 'Though force can protect in emergency, only justice, fairness, consideration and cooperation can finally lead men to the dawn of eternal peace. -Dwight Eisenhower': 1, 'No matter how much cats fight, there always seem to be plenty of kittens. -Abraham Lincoln': 1, 'People sleep peaceably in their beds at night only because rough men stand ready to do violence on their behalf. -George Orwell': 1, 'A man who desires to get married should know either everything or nothing. -Oscar Wilde': 1, "To grasp the full significance of life is the actor's duty, to interpret it is his problem and to express it his dedication. -Marlon Brando": 3, 'From kindergarten to graduation, I went to public schools, and I know that they are a key to being sure that every child has a chance to succeed and to rise in the world. -Dick Cheney': 5, 'The surest way of spoiling a pleasure is to start examining your satisfaction. -C.S. Lewis': 1, "To me, clowns aren't funny. In fact, they're kinda scary. I've wondered where this started, and I think it goes back to the time I went to the circus and a clown killed my dad. -Jack Handey": 3, 'Just think of the tragedy of teaching children not to doubt. -Clarence Darrow': 1, "I once said cynically of a politician, 'He'll doublecross that bridge when he comes to it.' -Oscar Levant": 1, 'A few hours of mountain climbing turn a villain and a saint into two rather equal creature. Exhaustion is the shortest way to equality and fraternity, and liberty is added eventually by sleep. -Friedrich Nietzsche': 1, 'It is always more difficult to fight against faith than against knowledge. -Adolf Hitler': 1, "If a woman has to choose between catching a fly ball and saving an infant's life, she will choose to save the infant's life without even considering if there are men on base. -Dave Barry": 2, "Money never made a man happy yet, nor will it. There is nothing in its nature to produce happiness. The more a man has, the more he wants. Instead of its filling a vacuum, it makes one. If it satisfies one want, it doubles and trebles that want another way. That was a true proverb of the wise man, rely upon it; ''Better is little with the fear of the Lord, than great treasure, and trouble therewith. -Benjamin Franklin": 1, 'If my children wake up on Christmas morning and have someone to thank for putting candy in their stocking, have I no one to thank for putting two feet in mine? -GK Chesterton': 2, 'Egalitarians create the most dangerous inequality of all -- inequality of power. Allowing politicians to determine what all other human beings will be allowed to earn is one of the most reckless gambles imaginable. Like the income tax, it may start off being applied only to the rich but it will inevitably reach us all. -Thomas Sowell': 3, 'If God had wanted us to spend our time fretting about the problems of home ownership, He would never have invented beer. -Dave Barry': 1, 'Bashfulness is an ornament to youth, but a reproach to old age. -Aristotle': 2, "We all wish to be judged by our peers, by the men 'after our own heart.' Only they really know our mind and only they judge it by standards we fully acknowledge. Theirs is the praise we really covet and the blame we really dread. The little pockets of early Chrstians survived because they cared exclusively for the love of 'the bretheren' and stopped their ears to the opinion of the Pagan society around them. But a circle of criminals, cranks, or perverts survives in just the same way; by becoming deaf to the opinion of the outer world, by discounting it as the chatter of outsiders who 'don't understand,' of the 'conventional,' the 'bourgeois,' the 'Establishment,' of prigs, prudes, and humbugs. -C.S. Lewis": 3, "I just want to do God's will. -Martin Luther King Jr.": 1, ".I had to face the horrible truth: The antitobacco people are lying. Smoking really is cool. And I'm less cool for not doing it. -Tucker Carlson": 1, 'Education is the ability to listen to almost anything without losing your temper or your self-confidence. -Robert Frost': 2, "One of the great attractions of patriotism -- it fulfills our worst wishes. In the person of our nation we are able, vicariously, to bully and cheat. Bully and cheat, what's more, with a feeling that we are profoundly virtuous. -Aldous Huxley": 1, 'Government consists in nothing else but so controlling subjects that they shall neither be able to, nor have cause to do it harm. -Nicolo Machiavelli': 2, 'Those who expect to reap the blessings of freedom must, like men, undergo the fatigue of supporting it. -Thomas Paine': 1, 'Grief can take care of itself, but to get the full value of joy you must have somebody to divide it with. -Mark Twain': 2, 'Observe constantly that all things take place by change, and accustom thyself to consider that the nature of the Universe love nothing so much as to change. The Universe is change. -Marcus Aurelius': 2, 'Trust the people. This is the one irrefutable lesson of the entire postwar period contradicting the notion that rigid government controls are essential to economic development. -Ronald Reagan': 1, 'No easy problem ever comes to the President of the United States. If they are easy to solve, somebody else has solved them. -John F. Kennedy': 2, 'To write a good love letter, you ought to begin without knowing what you mean to say and to finish without knowing what you have written. -Jean-Jacques Rousseau': 4, 'It is always thus, impelled by a state of mind which is destined not to last, that we make our irrevocable decisions. -Marcel Proust': 1, 'In framing a government which is to be administered by men over men the great difficulty lies in this: You must first enable the government to control the governed, and in the next place, oblige it to control itself. -Alexander Hamilton': 3, 'The Democrats seem to be basically nicer people, but they have demonstrated time and again that they have the management skills of celery. -Dave Barry': 1, 'A leader is a man who can adapt principles to circumstances. -George Patton': 1, 'A mind that is stretched by a new experience can never go back to its old dimensions. -Oliver Wendell Holmes': 1, 'It takes a long time to turn a big country around. -Bill Clinton': 1, "Democracy means that anyone can grow up to be president, and anyone who doesn't grow up can be vice president. -Johnny Carson": 1, 'It is a grand mistake to think of being great without goodness and I pronounce it as certain that there was never a truly great man that was not at the same time truly virtuous. -Benjamin Franklin': 1, "I had a dream the other night. I dreamed that Jimmy Carter came to me and asked why I wanted his job. I told him I didn't want his job. I want to be President. -Ronald Reagan": 2, "When this girl at the museum asked me who I liked better, Monet or Manet, I said, 'I like mayonnaise.' She just stared at me, so I said it again, louder. Then she left. I guess she went to try to find some mayonnaise for me. -Jack Handey": 2, "You got to be very careful if you don't know where you're going, because you might not get there. -Yogi Berra": 1, 'The Bible is not my book, and Christianity is not my religion. I could never give assent to the long, complicated statements of Christian dogma. -Abraham Lincoln': 1, 'Slang is the language which takes off its coat, spits on its hands - and goes to work. -Carl Sandburg': 1, 'It takes a lot of courage to show your dreams to someone else. -Erna Bombeck': 2, 'To have the reputation of possessing the most perfect social tact, talk to every woman as if you loved her, and to every man as if he bored you. -Oscar Wilde': 3, 'Facts do not cease to exist because they are ignored. -Aldous Huxley': 1, 'There is only one rule for being a good talker - learn to listen. -Christopher Morley': 1, 'Let the word go forth from this time and place, to friend and foe alike, that the torch has been passed to a new generation of Americans. -John F. Kennedy': 2, "Dying is the most embarrassing thing that can ever happen to you, because someone's got to take care of all your details. -Andy Warhol": 2, 'The truth is always a trick to those who live among lies. -Author Unknown': 1, 'To be prepared for war is one of the most effectual means of preserving peace. -George Washington': 1, "What is it that makes a complete stranger dive into an icy river to save a solid-gold baby? Maybe we'll never know. -Jack Handey": 1, 'Music expresses that which cannot be said and on which it is impossible to be silent. -Victor Hugo': 1, 'To defend Western Europe we have to let the Pentagon buy all these tanks and guns and things, and the Pentagon is unable to buy any object that that costs less than a condominium in Vail. If the Pentagon needs, say, fruit, it will argue that it must have fruit that can withstand the rigors of combat conditions, and it will wind up purchasing the FX-700 Seedless Tactical Grape, which will cost $160,000 per bunch, and will have an 83 percent failure rate. -Dave Barry': 3, 'For me, survival is the ability to cope with difficulties, with circumstances, and to overcome them. -Nelson Mandela': 2, "There's nothing sadder in this world than to awake Christmas morning and not be a child. -Erna Bombeck": 1, "It is necessary for the welfare of society that genius should be privileged to utter sedition, to blaspheme, to outrage good taste, to corrupt the youthful mind, and generally to scandalize one's uncles. -George Bernard Shaw": 5, 'To assert that the earth revolves around the sun is as erroneous as to claim that Jesus was not born of a virgin. -Cardinal Bellarmine': 2, 'Never give in--never, never, never, never, in nothing great or small, large or petty, never give in except to convictions of honour and good sense. Never yield to force; never yield to the apparently overwhelming might of the enemy. -Winston Churchill': 3, 'The last thing one discovers in composing a work is what to put first. -Blaise Pascal': 1, "To be wise and love exceeds man's might. -William Shakespeare": 1, "The only way to keep your health is to eat what you don't want, drink what you don't like, and do what you'd rather not. -Mark Twain": 2, 'It still remains true that no justification of virtue will enable a man to be virtuous. -C.S. Lewis': 1, 'Even if there is only one possible unified theory, it is just a set of rules and equations. What is it that breathes fire into the equations and makes a universe for them to describe? -Stephen Hawking': 1, 'The object of war is not to die for your country but to make the other bastard die for his. -George Patton': 2, 'He that fights and runs away, may turn and fight another day; but he that is in battle slain, will never rise to fight again. -Tacitus': 1, 'There is hope for the future because God has a sense of humor and we are funny to God. -Bill Cosby': 1, 'It is the dissimilarities and inequalities among men which give rise to the notion of honor; as such differences become less, it grows feeble; and when they disappear, it will vanish too. -Alexis de Tocqueville': 1, 'Women are the only realists; their whole object in life is to pit their realism against the extravagant, excessive, and occasionally drunken idealism of men. -GK Chesterton': 1, 'A free society is one where it is safe to be unpopular. -Adlai Stevenson': 1, 'Nothing so dates a man as to decry the younger generation. -Adlai Stevenson': 1, 'Men marry to make an end; women to make a beginning. -Alexis Dupuy': 2, 'To think is to differ. -Clarence Darrow': 2, 'It is unbecoming for young men to utter maxims. -Aristotle': 1, 'Life is no brief candle to me. It is a sort of splendid torch which I have got a hold of for the moment, and I want to make it burn as brightly as possible before handing it onto future generations. -George Bernard Shaw': 2, "You don't have to stay up nights to succeed; you have to stay awake days. -Author Unknown": 3, 'Dogs look up to you. Cats look down on you. Pigs treat you like equals. -Winston Churchill': 1, 'If people don\x92t come to the games, you can\x92t stop them. -Yogi Berra': 1, 'Intoxicated with unbroken success, we have become too self-sufficient to feel the necessity of redeeming and preserving grace, too proud to pray to the God that made us. -Abraham Lincoln': 3, 'Have children while your parents are still young enough to take care of them. -Rita Rudner': 1, "You cannot go on 'explaining away' for ever: you will find that you have explained explanation itself away. You cannot go on 'seeing through' things for ever. The whole point of seeing through something is to see something through it. -C.S. Lewis": 1, "I have come to the conclusion that my subjective account of my motivation is largely mythical on almost all occasions. I don't know why I do things. -J.B.S. Haldane": 1, 'I went out to the country so i could examine the simple things in life. -Henry Thoreau': 1, 'If you are resolutely determined to make a lawyer of yourself, the thing is more than half done already. -Abraham Lincoln': 1, 'This does not mean that the enemy is to be allowed to escape. The object is to make him believe that there is a road to safety, and thus prevent his fighting with the courage of despair. After that, you may crush him. -Sun Tzu': 4, 'Do good by stealth, and blush to find it fame. -Alexander Pope': 1, 'If a man is called to be a streetsweeper, he should sweep streets even as Michelangelo painted, or Beethoven composed music, or Shakespeare wrote poetry. He should sweep streets so well that all the host of heaven and earth will pause to say, here lived a great streetsweeper who did his job well. -Martin Luther King Jr.': 2, 'Life does not cease to be funny when people die any more than it ceases to be serious when people laugh. -George Bernard Shaw': 2, 'Religion operates not only on the vertical plane but also on the horizontal. It seeks not only to integrate men with God but to integrate men with men and each man with himself. -Martin Luther King Jr.': 2, 'The hour of departure has arrived, and we go our ways - I to die, and you to live. Which is better God only knows. -Plato': 2, 'Man was made for action, and to promote by the exertion of his faculties such changes in the external circumstances both of himself and others, as may seem most favourable to the happiness of all. -Adam Smith': 2, 'Freedom is the right to question and change the established way of doing things. It is the continuous revolution of the marketplace. It is the understanding that allows us to recognize shortcomings and seek solutions. -Ronald Reagan': 2, 'Sex at age ninety is like trying to shoot pool with a rope. -George Burns': 1, 'Returning violence for violence multiplies violence, adding deeper darkness to a night already devoid of stars. -Martin Luther King Jr.': 1, 'He who is of calm and happy nature will hardly feel the pressure of age, but to him who is of an opposite disposition youth and age are equally a burden. -Plato': 1, 'Let us have faith that right makes might, and in that faith, let us, to the end, dare to do our duty as we understand it. -Abraham Lincoln': 2, 'To one who has faith, no explanation is necessary. To one without faith, no explanation is possible. -Thomas Aquinas': 2, 'There are painters who transform the sun to a yellow spot, but there are others who with the help of their art and their intelligence, transform a yellow spot into the sun. -Pablo Picasso': 1, "Life is what happens to you while you're busy making other plans. -John Lennon": 1, 'Christ died for men precisely because men are not worth dying for; to make them worth it. -C.S. Lewis': 1, 'Goldie and I did have a car stolen right out of our yard. It took us three days to notice. -Kurt Russell': 1, "When they call the roll in the Senate, the Senators do not know whether to answer 'Present' or 'Not guilty.' -Theodore Roosevelt": 1, 'The reason we hold truth in such respect is because we have so little opportunity to get familiar with it. -Mark Twain': 1, 'The worst thing that could happen to anybody, would be to not be used for anything by anybody. -Kurt Vonnegut': 2, 'I arrive at the end of this review having done my duty as a critic. I have described the movie accurately and you have a good idea what you are in for if you go to see it. Most of you will not. I cannot argue with you. Some of you will--the brave and the curious. You embody the spirit of the man who first wondered what it would taste like to eat an oyster. -Roger Ebert': 2, 'Television is a medium of entertainment which permits millions of people to listen to the same joke at the same time, and yet remain lonesome. -T.S. Eliot': 2, 'The surface of American society is covered with a layer of democratic paint, but from time to time one can see the old aristocratic colours breaking through. -Alexis de Tocqueville': 1, 'A star on a movie set is like a time bomb. That bomb has got to be defused so people can approach it without fear. -Jack Nicholson': 1, 'Cooking was invented in prehistoric times, when a primitive tribe had a lucky accident. The tribe had killed an animal and was going to eat it raw, when a tribe member named Woog tripped and dropped it into the fire. At first the other tribe members were angry at Woog, but then, as the aroma of burning meat filled the air, they had an idea. So they ate Woog raw. -Dave Barry': 1, 'A word is dead when it is said, some say. I say it just begins to live that day. -Emily Dickinson': 1, 'There is no strength in unbelief. Even the unbelief of what is false is no source of might. It is the truth shining from behind that gives the strength to disbelieve. -George MacDonald': 1, 'The mintage of wisdom is to know that rest is rust, and that real life is in love, laughter, and work. -Elbert Hubbard': 1, 'It is most unwise for people in love to marry. -George Bernard Shaw': 1, 'It is astonishing what an effort it seems to be for many people to put their brains definitely and systematically to work. -Thomas Edison': 3, 'There are no secrets to success. It is the result of preparation, hard work, and learning from failure. -Colin Powell': 1, 'Money can help you to get medicines but not health. Money can help you to get soft pillows, but not sound sleep. Money can help you to get material comforts, but not eternal bliss. Money can help you to get ornaments, but not beauty. Money will help you to get an electric earphone, but not natural hearing. Attain the supreme wealth, wisdom, and you will have everything. -Benjamin Franklin': 5, 'To explain the unknown by the known is a logical procedure; to explain the known by the unknown is a form of theological lunacy. -David Brooks': 2, "Don't marry a man to reform him - that's what reform schools are for. -Mae West": 1, 'My most brilliant achievement was my ability to be able to persuade my wife to marry me. -Winston Churchill': 3, 'I get to go to lots of overseas places, like Canada. -Britney Spears': 2, 'To be a leader means to be able to move masses. -Adolf Hitler': 3, 'My main objective is to be professional but to kill him. -Mike Tyson': 2, 'By a curious confusion, many modern critics have passed from the proposition that a masterpiece may be unpopular to the other proposition that unless it is unpopular it cannot be a masterpiece. -GK Chesterton': 1, 'There are a thousand hacking at the branches of evil to one who is striking at the root. -Henry Thoreau': 1, 'Once you have flown, you will walk the earth with your eyes turned skywards, for there you have been, and there you long to return. -Leonardo da Vinci': 1, "Learning carries within itself certain dangers because out of necessity one has to learn from one's enemies. -Leon Trotsky": 1, 'Wedding: a ceremony at which two persons undertake to become one, one undertakes to become nothing, and nothing undertakes to become supportable. -Ambrose Bierce': 3, 'I made this letter longer than usual because I lack the time to make it short. -Blaise Pascal': 1, "To be pleased with one's limits is a wretched state. -Johann Wolfgang von Goethe": 1, 'It is the madness of folly, to expect mercy from those who have refused to do justice; and even mercy, where conquest is the object, is only a trick of war; the cunning of the fox is as murderous as the violence of the wolf. -Thomas Paine': 2, 'Happy, happy Christmas, that can win us back to the delusions of our childhood days, recall to the old man the pleasures of his youth, and transport the traveler back to his own fireside and quiet home! -Charles Dickens': 3, 'I wake each morning torn between the desire to improve the world and the desire to enjoy it. It makes it hard to plan the day. -E.B. White': 3, 'Obstacles do not exist to be surrendered to, but only to be broken. -Adolf Hitler': 3, "Ah, yes, divorce...from the Latin word meaning to rip out a man's genitals through his wallet. -Robin Williams": 1, "If you're in a boxing match, try not to let the other guy's glove touch your lips, because you don't know where that glove has been. -Jack Handey": 1} 
program {'I think the best possible social program is a job. -Ronald Reagan': 1} 
chewing {'This will never be a civilized country until we expend more money for books than we do for chewing gum. -Elbert Hubbard': 1} 
robber {"Of all tyrannies, a tyranny exercised for the good of its victims may be the most oppressive. It may be better to live under robber barons than under omnipotent moral busybodies. The robber baron's cruelty may sometimes sleep, his cupidity may at some point be satiated; but those who torment us for our own good will torment us without end, for they do so with the approval of their own conscience. -C.S. Lewis": 2} 
health {"The only way to keep your health is to eat what you don't want, drink what you don't like, and do what you'd rather not. -Mark Twain": 1, 'The health of a democratic society may be measured by the quality of functions performed by private citizens. -Alexis de Tocqueville': 1, "Never continue in a job you don't enjoy. If you're happy in what you're doing, you'll like yourself, you'll have inner peace. And if you have that, along with physical health, you will have had more success than you could possibly have imagined. -Johnny Carson": 1, 'Money can help you to get medicines but not health. Money can help you to get soft pillows, but not sound sleep. Money can help you to get material comforts, but not eternal bliss. Money can help you to get ornaments, but not beauty. Money will help you to get an electric earphone, but not natural hearing. Attain the supreme wealth, wisdom, and you will have everything. -Benjamin Franklin': 1} 
sedition {"It is necessary for the welfare of society that genius should be privileged to utter sedition, to blaspheme, to outrage good taste, to corrupt the youthful mind, and generally to scandalize one's uncles. -George Bernard Shaw": 1} 
case {"We all want progress, but if you're on the wrong road, progress means doing an about-turn and walking back to the right road; in that case, the man who turns back soonest is the most progressive. -C.S. Lewis": 1, 'If you will not fight for the right when you can easily win without bloodshed; if you will not fight when your victory will be sure and not too costly; you may come to the moment when you will have to fight with all the odds against you and only a small chance of survival. There may even be a worse case: you may have to fight when there is no hope of victory, because it is better to perish than to live as slaves. -Winston Churchill': 1, 'I mistrust the judgment of every man in a case in which his own wishes are concerned. -Daniel Webster': 1} 
woman {'Every woman knows all about everything. -Rudyard Kipling': 1, "God help the man who won't marry until he finds a perfect woman, and God help him still more if he finds her. -Benjamin Tillet": 1, 'I could not handle being a woman, I would stay home all day and play with my breasts. -Steve Martin': 1, "As a woman, I find it very embarrassing to be in a meeting and realize I'm the only one in the room with balls. -Rita Mae Brown": 1, "If a woman has to choose between catching a fly ball and saving an infant's life, she will choose to save the infant's life without even considering if there are men on base. -Dave Barry": 1, 'In politics, if you want anything said, ask a man; if you want anything done, ask a woman. -Margaret Thatcher': 1, 'To have the reputation of possessing the most perfect social tact, talk to every woman as if you loved her, and to every man as if he bored you. -Oscar Wilde': 1} 
worse {'It is hard to fail, but it is worse never to have tried to succeed. -Theodore Roosevelt': 1, 'No sooner do we depart from sense and instinct to follow reason but we are insensibly drawn into uncouth paradoxes, difficulties, and inconsistencies, which multiply and grow upon us as we advance in speculation; till at length, having wandered through many intricate mazes, we find ourselves just where we were, or, which is worse, sit down in a forlorn scepticism. -George Berkeley': 1, 'If you will not fight for the right when you can easily win without bloodshed; if you will not fight when your victory will be sure and not too costly; you may come to the moment when you will have to fight with all the odds against you and only a small chance of survival. There may even be a worse case: you may have to fight when there is no hope of victory, because it is better to perish than to live as slaves. -Winston Churchill': 1, 'Chicago sounds rough to the maker of verse. One comfort we have: Cincinnati sounds worse. -Oliver Wendell Holmes': 1} 
returning {'Returning violence for violence multiplies violence, adding deeper darkness to a night already devoid of stars. -Martin Luther King Jr.': 1} 
very {"A man's very highest moment is, I have no doubt at all, when he kneels in the dust, and beats his breast, and tells all the sins of his life. -Oscar Wilde": 1, 'The invisible and the non-existent look very much alike. -Delos McKown': 1, 'That men do not learn very much from the lessons of history is the most important of all the lessons of history. -Aldous Huxley': 1, 'Always leave something to wish for; otherwise you will be miserable from your very happiness. -Baltasar Gracian': 1, 'There are very few monsters who warrant the fear we have of them. -Andr\xe9 Gide': 1, 'We know life is futile. A man who considers that his life is of very wonderful importance is awfully close to a padded cell. -Clarence Darrow': 1, 'Nature is trying very hard to make us succeed, but nature does not depend on us. We are not the only experiment. -Buckminster Fuller': 1, 'It is very easy to tell the difference between man-made and God-made objects. The more you magnify man-made objects, the cruder they look, but the more you magnify God-made objects, the more precise and intricate they appear. -Luther Sutherland': 1, 'America did not invent human rights. In a very real sense...human rights invented America. -Jimmy Carter': 1, "As a woman, I find it very embarrassing to be in a meeting and realize I'm the only one in the room with balls. -Rita Mae Brown": 1, 'I dote on his very absence. -William Shakespeare': 1, "Having someone wonder where you are when you don't come home at night is a very old human need. -Margaret Mead": 1, 'In the beginning, the universe was created. This made a lot of people very angry, and has been widely regarded as a bad idea. -Douglas Adams': 1, 'When angry, count ten before you speak; if very angry, a hundred. -Thomas Jefferson': 1, "Is there anything more beautiful than a beautiful, beautiful flamingo, flying across in front of a beautiful sunset? And he's carrying a beautiful rose in his beak, and also he's carrying a very beautiful painting with his feet. And also, you're drunk. -Jack Handey": 1, "You got to be very careful if you don't know where you're going, because you might not get there. -Yogi Berra": 1, 'Prediction is very difficult, especially about the future. -Niels Bohr': 1, 'Beauty is all very well at first sight; but whoever looks at it when it has been in the house three days? -George Bernard Shaw': 1} 
alexander hamilton {'Nobody expects to trust his body overmuch after the age of fifty. -Alexander Hamilton': 1, 'In framing a government which is to be administered by men over men the great difficulty lies in this: You must first enable the government to control the governed, and in the next place, oblige it to control itself. -Alexander Hamilton': 1} 
souls {'No human relation gives one possession in another...every two souls are absolutely different. In friendship and in love, the two side by side raise hands together to find what one cannot reach alone. -Kahlil Gibran': 1, 'More than kisses, letters mingle souls. -John Donne': 1, 'When we die, our bodies are buried. When we live, our souls are buried. -Jason Mechalek': 1} 
sons {'The man who disobeys his parents will have disobedient sons. -Nachman of Bratslav': 1, "Mothers all want their sons to grow up to be president, but they don't want them to become politicians in the process. -John F. Kennedy": 1} 
worst {'In any fairly large and talkative community such as a university there is always the danger that those who think alike should gravitate together where they will henceforth encounter opposition only in the emasculated form of rumour that the outsiders say thus and thus. The absent are easily refuted, complacent dogmatism thrives, and differences of opinion are embittered by the group hostility. Each group hears not the best, but the worst, that the other group can say. -C.S. Lewis': 1, "Happiness is so hard to define and foolish to define. Am I acting? That's the worst thing you can ask yourself. You can be happy suddenly. It can spring on you, not when you reach a plateau. You can be happy going backward or going down. You can be happy at the loss of something. -Steve Martin": 1, 'The worst moment for the athieist is when he feels thankful and has no one to thank. -Dante Gabriel Rossetti': 1, 'The worst thing that could happen to anybody, would be to not be used for anything by anybody. -Kurt Vonnegut': 1, 'Karate is a form of marital arts in which people who have had years and years of training can, using only their hands and feet, make some of the worst movies in the history of the world. -Dave Barry': 1, 'In any moment of decision, the best thing you can do is the right thing. The worst thing you can do is nothing. -Theodore Roosevelt': 1, 'Of all bad men religious bad men are the worst. -C.S. Lewis': 1, "One of the great attractions of patriotism -- it fulfills our worst wishes. In the person of our nation we are able, vicariously, to bully and cheat. Bully and cheat, what's more, with a feeling that we are profoundly virtuous. -Aldous Huxley": 1} 
decide {'Every man must decide whether he will walk in the light of creative altruism or in the darkness of destructive selfishness. -Martin Luther King Jr.': 1} 
got {'A star on a movie set is like a time bomb. That bomb has got to be defused so people can approach it without fear. -Jack Nicholson': 1, 'I never knew what real happiness was until I got married, and by then it was too late. -Max Kaufman': 1, "Dying is the most embarrassing thing that can ever happen to you, because someone's got to take care of all your details. -Andy Warhol": 1, 'The power of accurate observation is commonly called cynicism by those who have not got it. -George Bernard Shaw': 1, "To me, it's always a good idea to always carry two sacks of something when you walk around. That way, if anybody says, 'Hey, can you give me a hand?,' you can say, 'Sorry, got these sacks.' -Jack Handey": 1, "There are people who put their dreams in a little box and say, Yes, I've got dreams, of course I've got dreams. Then they put the box away and bring it out once in awhile to look in it, and yep, they're still there. -Erna Bombeck": 2, 'Life is no brief candle to me. It is a sort of splendid torch which I have got a hold of for the moment, and I want to make it burn as brightly as possible before handing it onto future generations. -George Bernard Shaw': 1, "We've got to live. No matter how many skies have fallen. -D.H. Lawrence": 1, "When we got into office, the thing that surprised me the most was that things were as bad as we'd been saying they were. -John F. Kennedy": 1, "I've got more trophies than Wayne Gretzky & The Pope combined! -Homer Simpson": 1, "You got to be very careful if you don't know where you're going, because you might not get there. -Yogi Berra": 1, 'Politics has got so expensive that it takes lots of money to even get beat with. -Will Rogers': 1, "I cried because I had no shoes, 'till I met a man who had no feet. So I said, 'You got any shoes you're not using'? -Steven Wright": 1} 
difference {'There is a great deal of difference between an eager man who wants to read a book and the tired man who wants a book to read. -GK Chesterton': 1, 'As I would not be a slave, so I would not be a master. This expresses my idea of democracy. Whatever differs from this, to the extent of the difference, is no democracy. -Abraham Lincoln': 1, 'Two roads diverged in a wood, and I...I took the one less traveled by, and that has made all the difference. -Robert Frost': 1, 'The difference between sex and death is that with death you can do it alone and no one is going to make fun of you. -Woody Allen': 1, 'It is very easy to tell the difference between man-made and God-made objects. The more you magnify man-made objects, the cruder they look, but the more you magnify God-made objects, the more precise and intricate they appear. -Luther Sutherland': 1, 'The difference between genius and stupidity is that genius has its limits. -Albert Einstein': 1, 'All men are frauds. The only difference between them is that some admit it. I myself deny it. -Henry Mencken': 1, 'Every difference of opinion is not a difference of principle. We have called by different names brethren of the same principle. -Thomas Jefferson': 2} 
ronald reagan {'The thought of being president frightens me. I do not think I want the job. -Ronald Reagan': 1, 'I think the best possible social program is a job. -Ronald Reagan': 1, 'One definition of an economist is somebody who sees something happen in practice and wonders if it will work in theory. -Ronald Reagan': 1, 'The greatness of our country has been based on our thinking that everyone has a right even to be wrong. -Ronald Reagan': 1, "There are some who've forgotten why we have a military. It's not to promote war; it's to be prepared for peace. -Ronald Reagan": 1, "I had a dream the other night. I dreamed that Jimmy Carter came to me and asked why I wanted his job. I told him I didn't want his job. I want to be President. -Ronald Reagan": 1, 'Freedom is the right to question and change the established way of doing things. It is the continuous revolution of the marketplace. It is the understanding that allows us to recognize shortcomings and seek solutions. -Ronald Reagan': 1, 'I believe the highest aspiration of man should be individual freedom and the development of the individual. -Ronald Reagan': 1, 'Christmas can be celebrated in the school room with pine trees, tinsel and reindeers, but there must be no mention of the man whose birthday is being celebrated. One wonders how a teacher would answer if a student asked why it was called Christmas. -Ronald Reagan': 1, 'Government is not a solution to our problem, government is the problem. -Ronald Reagan': 1, 'Some of your countrymen were unable to distinguish between their native dislike for war and the stainless patriotism of those who suffered its scars. But there has been a rethinking and now we can say to you, and say as a nation, thank you for your courage. -Ronald Reagan': 1, 'I hope that when you are my age, you will be able to say as I have been able to say: We lived in freedom. We lived lives that were a statement, not an apology. -Ronald Reagan': 1, 'Are you entitled to the fruits of your labor or does government have some presumptive right to spend and spend and spend? -Ronald Reagan': 1, 'Trust the people. This is the one irrefutable lesson of the entire postwar period contradicting the notion that rigid government controls are essential to economic development. -Ronald Reagan': 1} 
condition {'If you start to think about your physical or moral condition, you usually find that you are sick. -Johann Wolfgang von Goethe': 1, "It is a good idea to ''shop around'' before you settle on a doctor. Ask about the condition of his Mercedes. Ask about the competence of his mechanic. Don't be shy! After all, you're paying for it. -Dave Barry": 1} 
heaven {'In Heaven all the interesting people are missing. -Friedrich Nietzsche': 1, 'If a man is called to be a streetsweeper, he should sweep streets even as Michelangelo painted, or Beethoven composed music, or Shakespeare wrote poetry. He should sweep streets so well that all the host of heaven and earth will pause to say, here lived a great streetsweeper who did his job well. -Martin Luther King Jr.': 1, 'Death and life have their determined appointments; riches and honors depend upon heaven. -Confucius': 1, 'Parting is all we know of heaven and all we need to know of hell. -Emily Dickinson': 1, 'I have been the artist with the longest career, and I am so proud and honoured to be chosen from heaven to be invincible. -Michael Jackson': 1} 
max kaufman {'I never knew what real happiness was until I got married, and by then it was too late. -Max Kaufman': 1} 
mothers {'Mothers are fonder than fathers of their children because they are more certain they are their own. -Aristotle': 1, "Mothers all want their sons to grow up to be president, but they don't want them to become politicians in the process. -John F. Kennedy": 1} 
celebrity {"The nice thing about being a celebrity is that, if you bore people, they think it's their fault. -Henry Kissinger": 1} 
director {"The movie's director is the pilot. It's his vision. For an actor, the time to worry about flying is when you're on the ground. If you don't want to fly with the director, don't get on the plane. -Denzel Washington": 2} 
grandfather {'There are fathers who do not love their children; there is no grandfather who does not adore his grandson. -Victor Hugo': 1} 
large {'Never give in--never, never, never, never, in nothing great or small, large or petty, never give in except to convictions of honour and good sense. Never yield to force; never yield to the apparently overwhelming might of the enemy. -Winston Churchill': 1, "I'm never going to be famous. My name will never be writ large on the roster of Those Who Do Things. I don't do any thing. Not one single thing. I used to bite my nails, but I don't even do that any more. -Dorothy Parker": 1, 'In any fairly large and talkative community such as a university there is always the danger that those who think alike should gravitate together where they will henceforth encounter opposition only in the emasculated form of rumour that the outsiders say thus and thus. The absent are easily refuted, complacent dogmatism thrives, and differences of opinion are embittered by the group hostility. Each group hears not the best, but the worst, that the other group can say. -C.S. Lewis': 1} 
small {'Just as your hand, held before the eye, can hide the tallest mountain, so this small earthly life keeps us from seeing the vast radiance that fills the core of the universe. -Nachman of Bratslav': 1, 'Through pride we are ever deceiving ourselves. But deep down below the surface of the average conscience a still, small voice says to us, something is out of tune. -Carl Jung': 1, 'Back in the old days, most families were close-knit. Grown children and their parents continued to live together, under the same roof, sometimes in the same small, crowded room, year in and year out, until they died, frequently by strangulation. -Dave Barry': 1, 'Never give in--never, never, never, never, in nothing great or small, large or petty, never give in except to convictions of honour and good sense. Never yield to force; never yield to the apparently overwhelming might of the enemy. -Winston Churchill': 1, 'The great nations have always acted like gangsters, and the small nations like prostitutes. -Stanley Kubrick': 1, 'If you will not fight for the right when you can easily win without bloodshed; if you will not fight when your victory will be sure and not too costly; you may come to the moment when you will have to fight with all the odds against you and only a small chance of survival. There may even be a worse case: you may have to fight when there is no hope of victory, because it is better to perish than to live as slaves. -Winston Churchill': 1, 'PRESIDENT, n. The leading figure in a small group of men of whom \x97 and of whom only \x97 it is positively known that immense numbers of their countrymen did not want any of them for President. -Ambrose Bierce': 1} 
lucius annaeus seneca {'All art is but imitation of nature. -Lucius Annaeus Seneca': 1} 
i'll {"Forgive, O Lord, my little jokes on Thee, and I'll forgive Thy great big joke on me. -Robert Frost": 1} 
idiots {'Providence protects children and idiots. I know because I have tested it. -Mark Twain': 1} 
fence {"Don't ever take a fence down until you know why it was put up. -Robert Frost": 1} 
appearance {'Humility is the foundation of all the other virtues hence, in the soul in which this virtue does not exist there cannot be any other virtue except in mere appearance. -Saint Augustine': 1} 
streets {'If a man is called to be a streetsweeper, he should sweep streets even as Michelangelo painted, or Beethoven composed music, or Shakespeare wrote poetry. He should sweep streets so well that all the host of heaven and earth will pause to say, here lived a great streetsweeper who did his job well. -Martin Luther King Jr.': 2} 
unable {'Some of your countrymen were unable to distinguish between their native dislike for war and the stainless patriotism of those who suffered its scars. But there has been a rethinking and now we can say to you, and say as a nation, thank you for your courage. -Ronald Reagan': 1, "Without computers, the government would be unable to function at the level of effectiveness and efficiency that we have come to expect.  This is because the primary function of the government is -- and here I am quoting directly from the U.S. Constitution -- 'to spew out paper.' -Dave Barry": 1, 'To defend Western Europe we have to let the Pentagon buy all these tanks and guns and things, and the Pentagon is unable to buy any object that that costs less than a condominium in Vail. If the Pentagon needs, say, fruit, it will argue that it must have fruit that can withstand the rigors of combat conditions, and it will wind up purchasing the FX-700 Seedless Tactical Grape, which will cost $160,000 per bunch, and will have an 83 percent failure rate. -Dave Barry': 1} 
healed {'We are healed from suffering only by experiencing it to the full. -Marcel Proust': 1} 
past {'Reason is experimental intelligence, conceived after the pattern of science, and used in the creation of social arts; it has something to do. It liberates man from the bondage of the past, due to ignorance and accident hardened into custom. It projects a better future and assists man in its realization. -John Dewey': 1, "There's no present. There's only the immediate future and the recent past. -George Carlin": 1, 'He who controls the present, controls the past. He who controls the past, controls the future. -George Orwell': 2} 
intricate {'No sooner do we depart from sense and instinct to follow reason but we are insensibly drawn into uncouth paradoxes, difficulties, and inconsistencies, which multiply and grow upon us as we advance in speculation; till at length, having wandered through many intricate mazes, we find ourselves just where we were, or, which is worse, sit down in a forlorn scepticism. -George Berkeley': 1, 'It is very easy to tell the difference between man-made and God-made objects. The more you magnify man-made objects, the cruder they look, but the more you magnify God-made objects, the more precise and intricate they appear. -Luther Sutherland': 1} 
zero {'Black holes are where God divided by zero. -Steven Wright': 1} 
invention {'Without question, the greatest invention in the history of mankind is beer. Oh, I grant you that the wheel was also a fine invention, but the wheel does not go nearly as well with pizza. -Dave Barry': 2} 
value {'Grief can take care of itself, but to get the full value of joy you must have somebody to divide it with. -Mark Twain': 1, 'The mind of the thoroughly well-informed man is a dreadful thing. It is like a bric-\xe0-brac shop, all monsters and dust, with everything priced above its proper value. -Oscar Wilde': 1, 'I have often wondered how it is that every man loves himself more than all the rest of men, but yet sets less value on his own opinion of himself than on the opinion of others. -Marcus Aurelius': 1} 
heralds {"The most exciting phrase to hear in science, the one that heralds new discoveries, is not 'Eureka!' (I found it!) but 'That's funny...' -Isaac Asimov": 1} 
pass {'Avoid the base hypocrisy of condemning in one man what you pass over in silence when committed by another. -Theodore Roosevelt': 1} 
will rogers {'On account of being a democracy and run by the people, we are the only nation in the world that has to keep a government four years, no matter what it does. -Will Rogers': 1, "Be thankful we're not getting all the government we're paying for. -Will Rogers": 1, 'What the country needs is dirtier fingernails and cleaner minds. -Will Rogers': 1, 'Politics has got so expensive that it takes lots of money to even get beat with. -Will Rogers': 1, "I don't make jokes. I just watch the government and report the facts. -Will Rogers": 1} 
conscience {"'Tis the business of little minds to shrink, but he whose heart is firm, and whose conscience approves his conduct, will pursue his principles unto death. -Thomas Paine": 1, 'There is one thing alone that stands the brunt of life throughout its course: a quiet conscience. -Euripides': 1, 'Through pride we are ever deceiving ourselves. But deep down below the surface of the average conscience a still, small voice says to us, something is out of tune. -Carl Jung': 1, "Of all tyrannies, a tyranny exercised for the good of its victims may be the most oppressive. It may be better to live under robber barons than under omnipotent moral busybodies. The robber baron's cruelty may sometimes sleep, his cupidity may at some point be satiated; but those who torment us for our own good will torment us without end, for they do so with the approval of their own conscience. -C.S. Lewis": 1} 
trick {'The truth is always a trick to those who live among lies. -Author Unknown': 1, 'It is the madness of folly, to expect mercy from those who have refused to do justice; and even mercy, where conquest is the object, is only a trick of war; the cunning of the fox is as murderous as the violence of the wolf. -Thomas Paine': 1} 
what {'Would you live with ease? Do what you ought, not what you please. -Benjamin Franklin': 2, 'Imagination is a quality given a man to compensate him for what he is not, and a sense of humor was provided to console him for what he is. -Oscar Wilde': 2, 'I never knew what real happiness was until I got married, and by then it was too late. -Max Kaufman': 1, 'To be what we are, and to become what we are capable of becoming, is the only end of life. -Robert Louis Stevenson': 2, 'There is a theory which states that if ever anyone discovers exactly what the Universe is for and why it is here, it will instantly disappear and be replaced by something even more bizarre and inexplicable. There is another theory which states that this has already happened. -Douglas Adams': 1, 'I have never been hurt by what I have not said. -Calvin Coolidge': 1, "I planted some bird seed. A bird came up. Now I don't know what to feed it. -Steven Wright": 1, 'Originality is the fine art of remembering what you hear but forgetting where you heard it. -Laurence Peter': 1, 'No nation keeps its word. A nation is a big, blind worm, following what? Fate perhaps. A nation has no honor, it has no word to keep. -Carl Jung': 1, 'Surely what a man does when he is caught off his guard is the best evidence as to what sort of man he is. -C.S. Lewis': 2, 'To write a good love letter, you ought to begin without knowing what you mean to say and to finish without knowing what you have written. -Jean-Jacques Rousseau': 2, "Ever notice that 'what the hell' is always the right decision? -Marilyn Monroe": 1, 'What you do speaks so loudly that I cannot hear what you say. -Ralph Waldo Emerson': 2, "Don't marry a man to reform him - that's what reform schools are for. -Mae West": 1, "Instead of a trap door, what about a trap window? The guy looks out it, and if he leans too far, he falls out. Wait. I guess that's like a regular window. -Jack Handey": 1, "What is it that makes a complete stranger dive into an icy river to save a solid-gold baby? Maybe we'll never know. -Jack Handey": 1, "It ain't what you don't know that gets you into trouble. It's what you know for sure that just ain't so. -Mark Twain": 2, 'What the country needs is dirtier fingernails and cleaner minds. -Will Rogers': 1, 'There is no strength in unbelief. Even the unbelief of what is false is no source of might. It is the truth shining from behind that gives the strength to disbelieve. -George MacDonald': 1, "Accept good advice gracefully--as long as it doesn't interfere with what you intended to do in the first place. -Gene Brown": 1, "Never continue in a job you don't enjoy. If you're happy in what you're doing, you'll like yourself, you'll have inner peace. And if you have that, along with physical health, you will have had more success than you could possibly have imagined. -Johnny Carson": 1, 'Egalitarians create the most dangerous inequality of all -- inequality of power. Allowing politicians to determine what all other human beings will be allowed to earn is one of the most reckless gambles imaginable. Like the income tax, it may start off being applied only to the rich but it will inevitably reach us all. -Thomas Sowell': 1, 'Why, you can take the most gallant sailor, the most intrepid airman or the most audacious soldier, put them at a table together - what do you get? The sum of their fears. -Winston Churchill': 1, "I don't care what is written about me, so long as it isn't true. -Dorothy Parker": 1, 'People can misinterpret almost anything so that it coincides with views they already hold. They take from art what they already believe. -Stanley Kubrick': 1, 'What is happiness? The feeling that power is growing, that resistance is overcome. -Friedrich Nietzsche': 1, "I'm the type who'd be happy not going anywhere as long as I was sure I knew exactly what was happening at the places I wasn't going to. I'm the type who'd like to sit home and watch every party that I'm invited to on a monitor in my bedroom. -Andy Warhol": 1, 'We have the Bill of Rights. What we need is a Bill of Responsibilities. -Bill Maher': 1, 'The last thing one discovers in composing a work is what to put first. -Blaise Pascal': 1, "What sunshine is to flowers, smiles are to humanity. These are but trifles, to be sure; but scattered along life's pathway, the good they do is inconceivable. -Joseph Addison": 1, 'No human relation gives one possession in another...every two souls are absolutely different. In friendship and in love, the two side by side raise hands together to find what one cannot reach alone. -Kahlil Gibran': 1, 'There are three rules for writing a novel. Unfortunately, no one knows what they are. -W. Somerset Maugham': 1, 'Alexander, Caesar, Charlemagne, and myself founded empires; but what foundation did we rest the creations of our genius? Upon force. Jesus Christ founded an empire upon love; and at this hour millions of men would die for Him. -Napoleon Bonaparte': 1, 'Avoid the base hypocrisy of condemning in one man what you pass over in silence when committed by another. -Theodore Roosevelt': 1, 'It is astonishing what an effort it seems to be for many people to put their brains definitely and systematically to work. -Thomas Edison': 1, 'People have a way of becoming what you encourage them to be, not what you nag them to be. -Author Unknown': 2, "My role in society, or any artist's or poet's role, is to try and express what we all feel. Not to tell people how to feel. Not as a preacher, not as a leader, but as a reflection of us all. -John Lennon": 1, 'Whatever affects one directly, affects all indirectly. I can never be what I ought to be until you are what you ought to be. This is the interrelated structure of reality. -Martin Luther King Jr.': 2, 'If men will not act for themselves, what will they do when the benefit of their effort is for all? -Elbert Hubbard': 1, 'We are living in a world, where what we earn is a function of what we learn. -Bill Clinton': 2, "What I don't like about office Christmas parties is looking for a job the next day. -Phyllis Diller": 1, 'We make a living by what we get, but we make a life by what we give. -Winston Churchill': 2, 'When I took office, only high energy physicists had ever heard of what is called the Worldwide Web....now even my cat has its own page. -Bill Clinton': 1, 'On account of being a democracy and run by the people, we are the only nation in the world that has to keep a government four years, no matter what it does. -Will Rogers': 1, 'I never see what has been done; I only see what remains to be done. -Siddhartha Buddha': 2, 'Men show their characters in nothing more clearly than in what they think laughable. -Johann Wolfgang von Goethe': 1, 'What we are today comes from our thoughts of yesterday and our present thoughts build our life tomorrow. Our life is the creation of our mind. -Siddhartha Buddha': 1, 'Ask not what your country can do for you - ask what you can do for your country. -John F. Kennedy': 2, 'We are what we repeatedly do. Excellence, therefore, is not an act, but a habit. -Aristotle': 1, 'Character is what you are in the dark. -John Whorfin': 1, 'I arrive at the end of this review having done my duty as a critic. I have described the movie accurately and you have a good idea what you are in for if you go to see it. Most of you will not. I cannot argue with you. Some of you will--the brave and the curious. You embody the spirit of the man who first wondered what it would taste like to eat an oyster. -Roger Ebert': 2, 'In the Orthodox spiritual tradition, the ultimate moral question we ask is the following: Is what we are doing, is what I am doing, beautiful or not? -Carolyn Gifford': 2, 'Your faith is what you believe, not what you know. -Mark Twain': 2, "The only way to keep your health is to eat what you don't want, drink what you don't like, and do what you'd rather not. -Mark Twain": 3, 'The time which we have at our disposal every day is elastic; the passions we feel expand it, those that we inspire contract it, and habit fills up what remains. -Marcel Proust': 1, 'Happiness makes up in height for what it lacks in length. -Robert Frost': 1, 'The greatest thing in this world is not so much where we are, but in what direction we are moving. -Oliver Wendell Holmes': 1, "I don't always know what I'm talking about but I know I'm right. -Muhammad Ali": 1, 'She was what we used to call a suicide blond - dyed by her own hand. -Saul Bellow': 1, 'Some succeed by what they know; some by what they do; and a few by what they are. -Elbert Hubbard': 3, 'My aim is to put down on paper what I see and what I feel in the best and simplest way. -Ernest Hemingway': 2, "What a man's mind can create, man's character can control. -Thomas Edison": 1, 'To know what is impenetrable to us really exists, manifesting itself as the highest wisdom and the most radiant beauty...this knowledge, this feeling is at the center of true religiousness. -Albert Einstein': 1, 'You know what the fellow said: In Italy for thirty years under the Borgias they had warfare, terror, murder, and bloodshed, but they produced Michaelangelo, Leonardo Da Vinci, and the Renaissance. In Switzerland, they had brotherly love--they had five hundred years of democracy and peace, and what did they produce? The cuckoo clock. -Orson Welles': 2, 'Even if there is only one possible unified theory, it is just a set of rules and equations. What is it that breathes fire into the equations and makes a universe for them to describe? -Stephen Hawking': 1, "Life is what happens to you while you're busy making other plans. -John Lennon": 1, "You can't build a reputation on what you are going to do. -Henry Ford": 1, 'I like television. I still believe that television is the most powerful form of communication on Earth -- I just hate what is being done with it. -Alton Brown': 1, 'What is the most important for democracy is not that great fortunes should not exist, but that great fortunes should not remain in the same hands. In that way there are rich men, but they do not form a class. -Alexis de Tocqueville': 1, "What is a wedding? Webster's dictionary defines a wedding as 'the process of removing weeds from one's garden.' -Homer Simpson": 1, "My life has no purpose, no direction, no aim, no meaning, and yet I'm happy. I can't figure it out. What am I doing right? -Charles Schulz": 1, "Life's most persistent and urgent question is, 'What are you doing for others?' -Martin Luther King Jr.": 1, 'What is now proved was once only imagined. -William Blake': 1, "No matter what they're charging to get in, it's worth more to get out. -Roger Ebert": 1} 
darkness {'Every man must decide whether he will walk in the light of creative altruism or in the darkness of destructive selfishness. -Martin Luther King Jr.': 1, 'Words which do not give the light of Christ increase the darkness. -Mother Teresa': 1, 'Returning violence for violence multiplies violence, adding deeper darkness to a night already devoid of stars. -Martin Luther King Jr.': 1} 
clock {'You know what the fellow said: In Italy for thirty years under the Borgias they had warfare, terror, murder, and bloodshed, but they produced Michaelangelo, Leonardo Da Vinci, and the Renaissance. In Switzerland, they had brotherly love--they had five hundred years of democracy and peace, and what did they produce? The cuckoo clock. -Orson Welles': 1} 
oyster {'I arrive at the end of this review having done my duty as a critic. I have described the movie accurately and you have a good idea what you are in for if you go to see it. Most of you will not. I cannot argue with you. Some of you will--the brave and the curious. You embody the spirit of the man who first wondered what it would taste like to eat an oyster. -Roger Ebert': 1} 
sun {'Laughter is the sun that drives winter from the human face. -Victor Hugo': 1, 'When an American says that he loves his country, he means not only that he loves the New England hills, the prairies glistening in the sun, the wide and rising plains, the great mountains, and the sea. He means that he loves an inner air, an inner light in which freedom lives and in which a man can draw the breath of self-respect. -Adlai Stevenson': 1, 'I believe in Christianity as I believe that the sun has risen, not only because I see it, but because by it I see everything else. -C.S. Lewis': 1, 'To assert that the earth revolves around the sun is as erroneous as to claim that Jesus was not born of a virgin. -Cardinal Bellarmine': 1, 'There are painters who transform the sun to a yellow spot, but there are others who with the help of their art and their intelligence, transform a yellow spot into the sun. -Pablo Picasso': 2} 
sum {'Why, you can take the most gallant sailor, the most intrepid airman or the most audacious soldier, put them at a table together - what do you get? The sum of their fears. -Winston Churchill': 1} 
associate {"Associate yourself with men of good quality if you esteem your own reputation; for 'tis better to be alone than in bad company. -George Washington": 1} 
rip {"Ah, yes, divorce...from the Latin word meaning to rip out a man's genitals through his wallet. -Robin Williams": 1} 
brief {'Life is no brief candle to me. It is a sort of splendid torch which I have got a hold of for the moment, and I want to make it burn as brightly as possible before handing it onto future generations. -George Bernard Shaw': 1} 
emotions {'I love writing. I love the swirl and swing of words as they tangle with human emotions. -James Michener': 1} 
ed gardner {'Opera is when a guy gets stabbed in the back and, instead of bleeding, he sings. -Ed Gardner': 1} 
run {"I think a good gift for the president would be a chocolate revolver. And since he's so busy, you'd probably have to run up to him and hand it to him. -Jack Handey": 1, 'On account of being a democracy and run by the people, we are the only nation in the world that has to keep a government four years, no matter what it does. -Will Rogers': 1, 'If you see ten troubles coming down the road, you can be sure that nine will run into the ditch before they reach you. -Calvin Coolidge': 1, 'In the long run, we shape our lives and we shape ourselves. The process never ends until we die, and the choices that we make are ultimately our responsibility. -Eleanor Roosevelt': 1} 
frightens {'The thought of being president frightens me. I do not think I want the job. -Ronald Reagan': 1} 
racing {"Thus far, the reputed idiot Bush has graduated from Yale and Harvard, made a stack of cash in the oil industry, become the first consecutive-term governor of Texas, defeated a dual-term VP for the presidency, and led his party to [November 5th's] extraordinary triumphs. Let his opponents keep calling him stupid; if they do, within five years Bush will be King of England, the Pope, and world Formula One motor racing champion. -Tim Blair": 1} 
public {'Guard with jealous attention the public liberty. Suspect everyone who approaches that jewel. -Patrick Henry': 1, 'The public is wonderfully tolerant. It forgives everything except genius. -Oscar Wilde': 1, 'From kindergarten to graduation, I went to public schools, and I know that they are a key to being sure that every child has a chance to succeed and to rise in the world. -Dick Cheney': 1, "Playwriting gets into your blood and you can't stop it. At least, not until the producers or the public tell you to. -T.S. Eliot": 1} 
full {'The world is full of suffering. It is also full of overcoming it. -Helen Keller': 2, 'Satisfaction lies in the effort, not in the attainment. Full effort is full victory. -Mahatma Gandhi': 2, 'Any reviewer who expresses rage and loathing for a novel is preposterous. He or she is like a person who has put on full armor and attacked a hot fudge sundae. -Kurt Vonnegut': 1, 'We are healed from suffering only by experiencing it to the full. -Marcel Proust': 1, 'Happiness is the full use of your powers along lines of excellence. -John F. Kennedy': 1, "Everybody can be great... because anybody can serve. You don't have to have a college degree to serve. You don't have to make your subject and verb agree to serve. You only need a heart full of grace. A soul generated by love. -Martin Luther King Jr.": 1, 'Grief can take care of itself, but to get the full value of joy you must have somebody to divide it with. -Mark Twain': 1, "To grasp the full significance of life is the actor's duty, to interpret it is his problem and to express it his dedication. -Marlon Brando": 1} 
christian {'The Bible is not my book, and Christianity is not my religion. I could never give assent to the long, complicated statements of Christian dogma. -Abraham Lincoln': 1} 
answers {'We ascribe beauty to that which is simple; which has no superfluous parts; which exactly answers its end; which stands related to all things; which is the mean of many extremes. -Ralph Waldo Emerson': 1, "In every man's heart there is a secret nerve that answers to the vibrations of beauty. -Christopher Morley": 1, 'Philosophy is questions that may never be answered. Religion is answers that may never be questioned. -Author Unknown': 1} 
forgive {"Forgive, O Lord, my little jokes on Thee, and I'll forgive Thy great big joke on me. -Robert Frost": 2} 
hours {'A few hours of mountain climbing turn a villain and a saint into two rather equal creature. Exhaustion is the shortest way to equality and fraternity, and liberty is added eventually by sleep. -Friedrich Nietzsche': 1, 'When you work seven days a week, fourteen hours a day, you get lucky. -Armand Hammer': 1, "If your kid makes one of those little homemade guitars out of a cigar box and rubber bands, don't let him just play it once or twice and then throw it away. Make him practice on it, every day, for about three hours a day. Later, he'll thank you. -Jack Handey": 1} 
favourable {'Man was made for action, and to promote by the exertion of his faculties such changes in the external circumstances both of himself and others, as may seem most favourable to the happiness of all. -Adam Smith': 1} 
excess {'As scarce as truth is, the supply has always been in excess of the demand. -Josh Billings': 1} 
grape {'To defend Western Europe we have to let the Pentagon buy all these tanks and guns and things, and the Pentagon is unable to buy any object that that costs less than a condominium in Vail. If the Pentagon needs, say, fruit, it will argue that it must have fruit that can withstand the rigors of combat conditions, and it will wind up purchasing the FX-700 Seedless Tactical Grape, which will cost $160,000 per bunch, and will have an 83 percent failure rate. -Dave Barry': 1} 
november {"Thus far, the reputed idiot Bush has graduated from Yale and Harvard, made a stack of cash in the oil industry, become the first consecutive-term governor of Texas, defeated a dual-term VP for the presidency, and led his party to [November 5th's] extraordinary triumphs. Let his opponents keep calling him stupid; if they do, within five years Bush will be King of England, the Pope, and world Formula One motor racing champion. -Tim Blair": 1} 
strong {'I am a strong believer in luck and I find the harder I work the more I have of it. -Benjamin Franklin': 1} 
equations {'Even if there is only one possible unified theory, it is just a set of rules and equations. What is it that breathes fire into the equations and makes a universe for them to describe? -Stephen Hawking': 2} 
tragedy {"Life's Tragedy is that we get old to soon and wise too late. -Benjamin Franklin": 1, 'Just think of the tragedy of teaching children not to doubt. -Clarence Darrow': 1, 'A single death is a tragedy; a million deaths is a statistic. -Joseph Stalin': 1} 
baron's {"Of all tyrannies, a tyranny exercised for the good of its victims may be the most oppressive. It may be better to live under robber barons than under omnipotent moral busybodies. The robber baron's cruelty may sometimes sleep, his cupidity may at some point be satiated; but those who torment us for our own good will torment us without end, for they do so with the approval of their own conscience. -C.S. Lewis": 1} 
speeches {"Speeches are for the younger men who are going places. And I'm not going anyplace except six feet under the floor of that little chapel adjoining the museum and library at Abilene. -Dwight Eisenhower": 1} 
bible {"The puritanism of Christianity has played havoc with the moderation that an enlightened and tolerant critical spirit would have produced. I've noticed that in whatever country, county, town, or other region there is a regulation enjoining temperance, the population seems to be entirely composed of teetotallers and drunkards. There's a Bible on that shelf there. But I keep it next to Voltaire - poison and antidote. -Bertrand Russell": 1, "Unless the religious claims of the Bible are again acknowledged, its literary claims will, I think, be given only 'mouth honour' and that decreasingly. -C.S. Lewis": 1, 'The Bible is not my book, and Christianity is not my religion. I could never give assent to the long, complicated statements of Christian dogma. -Abraham Lincoln': 1} 
misinterpret {'People can misinterpret almost anything so that it coincides with views they already hold. They take from art what they already believe. -Stanley Kubrick': 1} 
quoting {"Without computers, the government would be unable to function at the level of effectiveness and efficiency that we have come to expect.  This is because the primary function of the government is -- and here I am quoting directly from the U.S. Constitution -- 'to spew out paper.' -Dave Barry": 1} 
ahead {"Advice to young writers who want to get ahead without annoying delays: don\x92t write about Man, write about 'a' man. -E.B. White": 1} 
difficulty {'In framing a government which is to be administered by men over men the great difficulty lies in this: You must first enable the government to control the governed, and in the next place, oblige it to control itself. -Alexander Hamilton': 1} 
enmity {'It must be remembered that there is nothing more difficult to plan, more doubtful of success nor more dangerous to manage than the creation of a new system. For the initiator has the enmity of all who profit by the preservation of the old institution and merely lukewarm defenders in those who would gain by the new one. -Nicolo Machiavelli': 1} 
bullshit {"I've been accused of vulgarity. I say that's bullshit. -Mel Brooks": 1} 
stretching {'The mystic chords of memory, stretching from every battlefield and patriot grave to every living heart and hearthstone all over this broad land, will yet swell the chorus of the Union, when again touched, as surely they will be, by the better angels of our nature. -Abraham Lincoln': 1} 
allows {'Freedom is the right to question and change the established way of doing things. It is the continuous revolution of the marketplace. It is the understanding that allows us to recognize shortcomings and seek solutions. -Ronald Reagan': 1} 
experience {"It is impossible to experience one's death objectively and still carry a tune. -Woody Allen": 1, 'Experience proves this, or that, or nothing, according to the preconceptions we bring to it. -C.S. Lewis': 1, 'Experience is that marvelous thing that enables you to recognize a mistake when you make it again. -Franklin Jones': 1, "Sex without love is a meaningless experience, but as far as meaningless experiences go, it's pretty damn good. -Woody Allen": 1, 'A mind that is stretched by a new experience can never go back to its old dimensions. -Oliver Wendell Holmes': 1} 
tempting {'Remember not only to say the right thing in the right place, but far more difficult still, to leave unsaid the wrong thing at the tempting moment. -Benjamin Franklin': 1} 
disputes {'If the United Nations once admits that international disputes can be settled by using force, then we will have destroyed the foundation of the organization and our best hope of establishing a world order. -Dwight Eisenhower': 1} 
lasagna {"You know, there's a million fine looking women in the world, dude. But they don't all bring you lasagna at work. Most of 'em just cheat on you. -Kevin Smith": 1} 
advertising {'Advertising is the life of trade. -Calvin Coolidge': 1} 
social {'To have the reputation of possessing the most perfect social tact, talk to every woman as if you loved her, and to every man as if he bored you. -Oscar Wilde': 1, 'Reason is experimental intelligence, conceived after the pattern of science, and used in the creation of social arts; it has something to do. It liberates man from the bondage of the past, due to ignorance and accident hardened into custom. It projects a better future and assists man in its realization. -John Dewey': 1, 'I think the best possible social program is a job. -Ronald Reagan': 1} 
action {'An idea that is developed and put into action is more important than an idea that exists only as an idea. -Siddhartha Buddha': 1, 'Man was made for action, and to promote by the exertion of his faculties such changes in the external circumstances both of himself and others, as may seem most favourable to the happiness of all. -Adam Smith': 1, 'Take time to deliberate, but when the time for action has arrived, stop thinking and go in. -Napoleon Bonaparte': 1} 
skepticism {'Skepticism is a virtue in history as well as in philosophy. -Napoleon Bonaparte': 1} 
faculties {'Man was made for action, and to promote by the exertion of his faculties such changes in the external circumstances both of himself and others, as may seem most favourable to the happiness of all. -Adam Smith': 1} 
depart {'No sooner do we depart from sense and instinct to follow reason but we are insensibly drawn into uncouth paradoxes, difficulties, and inconsistencies, which multiply and grow upon us as we advance in speculation; till at length, having wandered through many intricate mazes, we find ourselves just where we were, or, which is worse, sit down in a forlorn scepticism. -George Berkeley': 1, 'If all our misfortunes were laid in one common heap, whence everyone must take an equal portion, most people would be content to take their own and depart. -Socrates': 1} 
disposition {'He who is of calm and happy nature will hardly feel the pressure of age, but to him who is of an opposite disposition youth and age are equally a burden. -Plato': 1} 
suddenly {"Happiness is so hard to define and foolish to define. Am I acting? That's the worst thing you can ask yourself. You can be happy suddenly. It can spring on you, not when you reach a plateau. You can be happy going backward or going down. You can be happy at the loss of something. -Steve Martin": 1} 
cowardly {'Rhis is to be asserted in general of men: that they are ungrateful, fickle, false, cowardly, covetous, and as long as you succeed, are yours entirely; they will offer you their blood, property, life, and children...when the need is far distant; but when it approaches, they will turn against you. -Nicolo Machiavelli': 1} 
young {'You are young, my son, and, as the years go by, time will change and even reverse many of your present opinions. Refrain therefore awhile from setting yourself up as a judge of the highest matters. -Plato': 1, 'Those whom the gods love grow young. -Oscar Wilde': 1, 'It is unbecoming for young men to utter maxims. -Aristotle': 1, "Advice to young writers who want to get ahead without annoying delays: don\x92t write about Man, write about 'a' man. -E.B. White": 1, 'Have children while your parents are still young enough to take care of them. -Rita Rudner': 1} 
put {'Any reviewer who expresses rage and loathing for a novel is preposterous. He or she is like a person who has put on full armor and attacked a hot fudge sundae. -Kurt Vonnegut': 1, 'It is astonishing what an effort it seems to be for many people to put their brains definitely and systematically to work. -Thomas Edison': 1, 'Why, you can take the most gallant sailor, the most intrepid airman or the most audacious soldier, put them at a table together - what do you get? The sum of their fears. -Winston Churchill': 1, "It's not how much we give but how much love we put into giving. -Mother Teresa": 1, "There are people who put their dreams in a little box and say, Yes, I've got dreams, of course I've got dreams. Then they put the box away and bring it out once in awhile to look in it, and yep, they're still there. -Erna Bombeck": 2, "Don't ever take a fence down until you know why it was put up. -Robert Frost": 1, 'An idea that is developed and put into action is more important than an idea that exists only as an idea. -Siddhartha Buddha': 1, 'The thing we all have to understand to put these last two years in focus, is that liberals in this country care more about whether European leaders like us than they do about whether terrorists are killing us. -Rush Limbaugh': 1, 'My aim is to put down on paper what I see and what I feel in the best and simplest way. -Ernest Hemingway': 1, 'It is only our bad temper that we put down to being tired or worried or hungry; we put our good temper down to ourselves. -C.S. Lewis': 2, 'The last thing one discovers in composing a work is what to put first. -Blaise Pascal': 1} 
analyzing {'Analyzing humor is like dissecting a frog. Few people are interested and the frog dies of it. -E.B. White': 1} 
rudyard kipling {'Every woman knows all about everything. -Rudyard Kipling': 1, 'He wrapped himself in quotations--as a beggar would enfold himself in the purple of Emperors. -Rudyard Kipling': 1, 'Take everything you like seriously, except yourselves. -Rudyard Kipling': 1} 
armed {'Rome remained free for four hundred years and Sparta eight hundred, although their citizens were armed all that time; but many other states that have been disarmed have lost their liberties in less than forty years. -Nicolo Machiavelli': 1} 
laughable {'Men show their characters in nothing more clearly than in what they think laughable. -Johann Wolfgang von Goethe': 1} 
conventional {"We all wish to be judged by our peers, by the men 'after our own heart.' Only they really know our mind and only they judge it by standards we fully acknowledge. Theirs is the praise we really covet and the blame we really dread. The little pockets of early Chrstians survived because they cared exclusively for the love of 'the bretheren' and stopped their ears to the opinion of the Pagan society around them. But a circle of criminals, cranks, or perverts survives in just the same way; by becoming deaf to the opinion of the outer world, by discounting it as the chatter of outsiders who 'don't understand,' of the 'conventional,' the 'bourgeois,' the 'Establishment,' of prigs, prudes, and humbugs. -C.S. Lewis": 1} 
casket {'Love anything and your heart will be wrung and possibly broken. If you want to make sure of keeping it intact you must give it to no one, not even an animal. Wrap it carefully round with hobbies and little luxuries; avoid all entanglements. Lock it up safe in the casket or coffin of your selfishness. But in that casket, safe, dark, motionless, airless, it will change. It will not be broken; it will become unbreakable, impenetrable, irredeemable. To love is to be vulnerable. -C.S. Lewis': 2} 
eye {'Just as your hand, held before the eye, can hide the tallest mountain, so this small earthly life keeps us from seeing the vast radiance that fills the core of the universe. -Nachman of Bratslav': 1} 
takes {'It takes a long time to turn a big country around. -Bill Clinton': 1, 'Slang is the language which takes off its coat, spits on its hands - and goes to work. -Carl Sandburg': 1, 'Politics has got so expensive that it takes lots of money to even get beat with. -Will Rogers': 1, 'The illegal we do immediately. The unconstitutional takes a little longer. -Henry Kissinger': 1, 'It takes a lot of courage to show your dreams to someone else. -Erna Bombeck': 1} 
warship {'Every gun that is made, every warship launched, every rocket fired, signifies in the final sense a theft from those who hunger and are not fed, those who are cold and are not clothed. -Dwight Eisenhower': 1} 
beginning {'Men marry to make an end; women to make a beginning. -Alexis Dupuy': 1, 'In the beginning, the universe was created. This made a lot of people very angry, and has been widely regarded as a bad idea. -Douglas Adams': 1} 
contains {'This moment contains all moments. -C.S. Lewis': 1} 
two {'If you have an apple and I have an apple and we exchange these apples then you and I will still each have one apple. But if you have an idea and I have an idea and we exchange these ideas, then each of us will have two ideas. -George Bernard Shaw': 1, 'Friendship is a single soul dwelling in two bodies. -Aristotle': 1, 'Marriage is the alliance of two people, one of whom never remembers birthdays and the other who never forgets. -Ogden Nash': 1, "I've worked for four presidents and watched two others up close, and I know that there's no such thing as a routine day in the Oval Office. -Dick Cheney": 1, 'Few people think more than two or three times a year. I have made an international reputation for myself by thinking once or twice a week. -George Bernard Shaw': 1, 'Two roads diverged in a wood, and I...I took the one less traveled by, and that has made all the difference. -Robert Frost': 1, 'The thing we all have to understand to put these last two years in focus, is that liberals in this country care more about whether European leaders like us than they do about whether terrorists are killing us. -Rush Limbaugh': 1, 'A Native American elder once described his own inner struggles in this manner: Inside of me there are two dogs. One of the dogs is mean and evil. The other dog is good. The mean dog fights the good dog all the time. When asked which dog wins, he reflected. -George Bernard Shaw': 1, "To me, it's always a good idea to always carry two sacks of something when you walk around. That way, if anybody says, 'Hey, can you give me a hand?,' you can say, 'Sorry, got these sacks.' -Jack Handey": 1, 'No human relation gives one possession in another...every two souls are absolutely different. In friendship and in love, the two side by side raise hands together to find what one cannot reach alone. -Kahlil Gibran': 2, 'When nothing seems to help, I go and look at a stonecutter hammering away at his rock perhaps a hundred times without as much as a crack showing in it. Yet at the hundred and first blow it will split in two, and I know it was not that blow that did it, but all that had gone before. -Jacob August Riis': 1, 'Wedding: a ceremony at which two persons undertake to become one, one undertakes to become nothing, and nothing undertakes to become supportable. -Ambrose Bierce': 1, 'A few hours of mountain climbing turn a villain and a saint into two rather equal creature. Exhaustion is the shortest way to equality and fraternity, and liberty is added eventually by sleep. -Friedrich Nietzsche': 1, 'If my children wake up on Christmas morning and have someone to thank for putting candy in their stocking, have I no one to thank for putting two feet in mine? -GK Chesterton': 1, 'The best of life is conversation, and the greatest success is confidence, or perfect understanding between two people. -Ralph Waldo Emerson': 1} 
destructive {'Every man must decide whether he will walk in the light of creative altruism or in the darkness of destructive selfishness. -Martin Luther King Jr.': 1, "I think computer viruses should count as life. I think it says something about human nature that the only form of life we have created so far is purely destructive. We've created life in our own image. -Stephen Hawking": 1} 
cultivation {'Let us not forget that the cultivation of the earth is the most important labor of man. When tillage begins, other arts will follow. The farmers, therefore, are the founders of civilization. -Daniel Webster': 1} 
duty's {"Duties are not performed for duty's sake, but because their neglect would make the man uncomfortable. A man performs but one duty - the duty of contenting his spirit, the duty of making himself agreeable to himself. -Mark Twain": 1} 
taken {'I have never taken any exercise except sleeping and resting. -Mark Twain': 1, 'If I feel physically as if the top of my head were taken off, I know that is poetry. -Emily Dickinson': 1} 
permanently {'I believe this government cannot endure permanently half slave and half free. -Abraham Lincoln': 1} 
kick {"If you could kick the person in the pants responsible for most of your trouble, you wouldn't sit for a month. -Theodore Roosevelt": 1} 
affluence {'Many who seem to be struggling with adversity are happy; many, amid great affluence, are utterly miserable. -Tacitus': 1} 
sincere {'Nothing in the world is more dangerous than sincere ignorance and conscientious stupidity. -Martin Luther King Jr.': 1} 
more {'Question with boldness even the existence of a God; because, if there be one, he must more approve of the homage of reason, than that of blind-folded fear. -Thomas Jefferson': 1, 'Those who forget good and evil and seek only to know the facts are more likely to achieve good than those who view the world through the distorting medium of their own desires. -Bertrand Russell': 1, 'As Mankind becomes more liberal, they will be more apt to allow that all those who conduct themselves as worthy members of the community are equally entitled to the protections of civil government. I hope ever to see America among the foremost nations of justice and liberality. -George Washington': 2, 'There is a theory which states that if ever anyone discovers exactly what the Universe is for and why it is here, it will instantly disappear and be replaced by something even more bizarre and inexplicable. There is another theory which states that this has already happened. -Douglas Adams': 1, 'A truly great book should be read in youth, again in maturity and once more in old age, as a fine building should be seen by morning light, at noon and by moonlight. -Robertson Davies': 1, 'It must be remembered that there is nothing more difficult to plan, more doubtful of success nor more dangerous to manage than the creation of a new system. For the initiator has the enmity of all who profit by the preservation of the old institution and merely lukewarm defenders in those who would gain by the new one. -Nicolo Machiavelli': 3, 'The older I grow the more I distrust the familiar doctrine that age brings wisdom. -Henry Mencken': 1, 'An idea that is developed and put into action is more important than an idea that exists only as an idea. -Siddhartha Buddha': 1, 'Ten people who speak make more noise than ten thousand who are silent. -Napoleon Bonaparte': 1, "I've got more trophies than Wayne Gretzky & The Pope combined! -Homer Simpson": 1, 'If there is any principle of the Constitution that more imperatively calls for attachment than any other it is the principle of free thought, not free thought for those who agree with us but freedom for the thought that we hate. -Oliver Wendell Holmes': 1, 'Nothing in the world is more dangerous than sincere ignorance and conscientious stupidity. -Martin Luther King Jr.': 1, 'The broad masses of a population are more amenable to the appeal of rhetoric than to any other force. -Adolf Hitler': 1, 'Nothing separates the generations more than music. By the time a child is eight or nine, he has developed a passion for his own music that is even stronger than his passions for procrastination and weird clothes. -Bill Cosby': 1, 'Life does not cease to be funny when people die any more than it ceases to be serious when people laugh. -George Bernard Shaw': 1, 'Everything is simpler than you think and at the same time more complex than you imagine. -Johann Wolfgang von Goethe': 1, "Never continue in a job you don't enjoy. If you're happy in what you're doing, you'll like yourself, you'll have inner peace. And if you have that, along with physical health, you will have had more success than you could possibly have imagined. -Johnny Carson": 1, 'The least of things with a meaning is worth more in life than the greatest of things without it. -Carl Jung': 1, 'Few people think more than two or three times a year. I have made an international reputation for myself by thinking once or twice a week. -George Bernard Shaw': 1, 'An oppressive government is more to be feared than a tiger. -Confucius': 1, 'It is always more difficult to fight against faith than against knowledge. -Adolf Hitler': 1, 'It is very easy to tell the difference between man-made and God-made objects. The more you magnify man-made objects, the cruder they look, but the more you magnify God-made objects, the more precise and intricate they appear. -Luther Sutherland': 3, 'All human actions have one or more of these seven causes: chance, nature, compulsions, habit, reason, passion, desire. -Aristotle': 1, 'Man [has] always assumed that he was more intelligent than dolphins because he had achieved so much-the wheel, New York, wars and so on-while all the dolphins had ever done was muck about in the water having a good time. But conversely, the dolphins had always believed that they were far more intelligent than man-for precisely the same reason. -Douglas Adams': 2, 'The act of policing is, in order to punish less often, to punish more severely. -Napoleon Bonaparte': 1, 'I have often wondered how it is that every man loves himself more than all the rest of men, but yet sets less value on his own opinion of himself than on the opinion of others. -Marcus Aurelius': 1, "Money never made a man happy yet, nor will it. There is nothing in its nature to produce happiness. The more a man has, the more he wants. Instead of its filling a vacuum, it makes one. If it satisfies one want, it doubles and trebles that want another way. That was a true proverb of the wise man, rely upon it; ''Better is little with the fear of the Lord, than great treasure, and trouble therewith. -Benjamin Franklin": 2, 'I am a strong believer in luck and I find the harder I work the more I have of it. -Benjamin Franklin': 1, "Is there anything more beautiful than a beautiful, beautiful flamingo, flying across in front of a beautiful sunset? And he's carrying a beautiful rose in his beak, and also he's carrying a very beautiful painting with his feet. And also, you're drunk. -Jack Handey": 1, 'Well-timed silence hath more eloquence than speech. -Martin Farquhar Tupper': 1, 'People will pay more to be entertained than educated. -Johnny Carson': 1, 'There is nothing more exhilarating than to be shot at without result. -Winston Churchill': 1, 'You find out more about God from the Moral Law than from the univerise in general just as you find out more about a man by listening to his conversation than by looking at a house he has built. -C.S. Lewis': 2, "God help the man who won't marry until he finds a perfect woman, and God help him still more if he finds her. -Benjamin Tillet": 1, 'Children today know more about sex than I or my father did. -Bill Cosby': 1, 'Men show their characters in nothing more clearly than in what they think laughable. -Johann Wolfgang von Goethe': 1, "I'm never going to be famous. My name will never be writ large on the roster of Those Who Do Things. I don't do any thing. Not one single thing. I used to bite my nails, but I don't even do that any more. -Dorothy Parker": 1, "The function of RAM is to give us guys a way of deciding whose computer has the biggest, studliest, most tumescent MEMORY. This is important, because with today's complex software, the more memory a computer has, the faster it can produce error messages. So the bottom line is, if you're a guy, you cannot have enough RAM. -Dave Barry": 1, 'If you are resolutely determined to make a lawyer of yourself, the thing is more than half done already. -Abraham Lincoln': 1, 'Mothers are fonder than fathers of their children because they are more certain they are their own. -Aristotle': 1, 'For each illness that doctors cure with medicine, they provoke ten in healthy people by inoculating them with the virus that is a thousand times more powerful than any microbe: the idea that one is ill. -Marcel Proust': 1, "No matter what they're charging to get in, it's worth more to get out. -Roger Ebert": 1, 'I believe one of the reasons so many do not get a higher education is the fear of their parents that they will lose more morally than they will receive mentally. -William Jennings Bryan': 1, 'A man is never more truthful than when he acknowledges himself a liar. -Mark Twain': 1, 'I do not believe one can settle how much we ought to give. I am afraid the only safe rule is to give more than we can spare. -C.S. Lewis': 1, "One of the great attractions of patriotism -- it fulfills our worst wishes. In the person of our nation we are able, vicariously, to bully and cheat. Bully and cheat, what's more, with a feeling that we are profoundly virtuous. -Aldous Huxley": 1, 'This will never be a civilized country until we expend more money for books than we do for chewing gum. -Elbert Hubbard': 1, 'America is not like a blanket: one piece of unbroken cloth, the same color, the same texture, the same size. America is more like a quilt: many patches, many pieces, many colors, many sizes, all woven and held together by a common thread. -Jesse Jackson': 1, 'True patriotism hates injustice in its own land more than anywhere else. -Clarence Darrow': 1, 'Ignorance more frequently begets confidence than does knowledge. -Charles Darwin': 1, 'Your children need your presence more than your presents. -Jesse Jackson': 1, 'Remember not only to say the right thing in the right place, but far more difficult still, to leave unsaid the wrong thing at the tempting moment. -Benjamin Franklin': 1, 'You can discover more about a person in an hour of play than in a year of conversation. -Plato': 1, 'The thing we all have to understand to put these last two years in focus, is that liberals in this country care more about whether European leaders like us than they do about whether terrorists are killing us. -Rush Limbaugh': 1, 'New knowledge is the most valuable commodity on earth. The more truth we have to work with, the richer we become. -Kurt Vonnegut': 1, "You know you're getting old when the candles cost more than the cake. -Bob Hope": 1, 'Time makes more converts than reason. -Thomas Paine': 1, 'More than kisses, letters mingle souls. -John Donne': 1, 'Andy Warhol made fame more famous. -Fran Lebowitz': 1, 'Collecting more taxes than is absolutely necessary is legalized robbery. -Calvin Coolidge': 1} 
wretched {"To be pleased with one's limits is a wretched state. -Johann Wolfgang von Goethe": 1} 
door {'God enters by a private door into every individual. -Ralph Waldo Emerson': 1, 'Were it possible for us to wait for ourselves to come into the room, not many of us would find our hearts breaking into flower as we heard the door handle turn. -Rebecca West': 1, "Instead of a trap door, what about a trap window? The guy looks out it, and if he leans too far, he falls out. Wait. I guess that's like a regular window. -Jack Handey": 1} 
knows {'Every woman knows all about everything. -Rudyard Kipling': 1, 'The fool doth think he is wise, but the wise man knows himself to be a fool. -William Shakespeare': 1, 'The hour of departure has arrived, and we go our ways - I to die, and you to live. Which is better God only knows. -Plato': 1, 'There are three rules for writing a novel. Unfortunately, no one knows what they are. -W. Somerset Maugham': 1, 'The heart has its reasons, of which the mind knows nothing. -Blaise Pascal': 1, 'He that would live in peace and at ease must not speak all he knows or all he sees. -Benjamin Franklin': 1} 
company {"Associate yourself with men of good quality if you esteem your own reputation; for 'tis better to be alone than in bad company. -George Washington": 1} 
discovering {'Love is the delightful interval between meeting a beautiful girl and discovering that she looks like a haddock. -John Barrymore': 1, 'I have never started a poem yet whose end I knew. Writing a poem is discovering. -Robert Frost': 1} 
ain't {"It ain't what you don't know that gets you into trouble. It's what you know for sure that just ain't so. -Mark Twain": 2, "It ain't over till it's over. -Yogi Berra": 1} 
stick {"The only kind of seafood I trust is the fish stick, a totally featureless fish that doesn't have eyeballs or fins. -Dave Barry": 1} 
citizenry {'The best defense against usurpatory government is an assertive citizenry. -William F. Buckley': 1} 
particular {"I'm a middle age white guy, which means I'm constantly reminded that my particular group is responsible for the oppression of every known minority PLUS most wars PLUS government corruption PLUS pollution of the environment, not to mention that it was middle-age white guys who killed Bambi's mom. -Dave Barry": 1} 
known {'To explain the unknown by the known is a logical procedure; to explain the known by the unknown is a form of theological lunacy. -David Brooks': 2, "Science is not about building a body of known 'facts'. It is a method for asking awkward questions and subjecting them to a reality-check, thus avoiding the human tendency to believe whatever makes us feel good. -Terry Pratchett": 1, "I'm a middle age white guy, which means I'm constantly reminded that my particular group is responsible for the oppression of every known minority PLUS most wars PLUS government corruption PLUS pollution of the environment, not to mention that it was middle-age white guys who killed Bambi's mom. -Dave Barry": 1, 'PRESIDENT, n. The leading figure in a small group of men of whom \x97 and of whom only \x97 it is positively known that immense numbers of their countrymen did not want any of them for President. -Ambrose Bierce': 1, 'If a man is proud of his wealth, he should not be praised until it is known how he employs it. -Socrates': 1} 
mellow {'The fruit that can fall without shaking, indeed is too mellow for me. -Lady Mary Wortley Montagu': 1} 
hurry {'Journalism is literature in a hurry. -Matthew Arnold': 1} 
cunning {'It is the madness of folly, to expect mercy from those who have refused to do justice; and even mercy, where conquest is the object, is only a trick of war; the cunning of the fox is as murderous as the violence of the wolf. -Thomas Paine': 1} 
town {"The puritanism of Christianity has played havoc with the moderation that an enlightened and tolerant critical spirit would have produced. I've noticed that in whatever country, county, town, or other region there is a regulation enjoining temperance, the population seems to be entirely composed of teetotallers and drunkards. There's a Bible on that shelf there. But I keep it next to Voltaire - poison and antidote. -Bertrand Russell": 1} 
none {'He has all the virtues I dislike and none of the vices I admire. -Winston Churchill': 1} 
fatal {'Life is a fatal complaint, and an eminently contagious one. -Oliver Wendell Holmes': 1} 
hour {'Alexander, Caesar, Charlemagne, and myself founded empires; but what foundation did we rest the creations of our genius? Upon force. Jesus Christ founded an empire upon love; and at this hour millions of men would die for Him. -Napoleon Bonaparte': 1, 'You can discover more about a person in an hour of play than in a year of conversation. -Plato': 1, 'The hour of departure has arrived, and we go our ways - I to die, and you to live. Which is better God only knows. -Plato': 1} 
canceled {'Experts tell us that if the Millennium Bug is not fixed, when the year 2000 arrives, our financial records will be inaccurate, our telephone system will be unreliable, our government will be paralyzed and airline flights will be canceled without warning. In other words, things will be pretty much the same as they are now. -Dave Barry': 1} 
science {"Science is not about building a body of known 'facts'. It is a method for asking awkward questions and subjecting them to a reality-check, thus avoiding the human tendency to believe whatever makes us feel good. -Terry Pratchett": 1, "The most exciting phrase to hear in science, the one that heralds new discoveries, is not 'Eureka!' (I found it!) but 'That's funny...' -Isaac Asimov": 1, 'Reason is experimental intelligence, conceived after the pattern of science, and used in the creation of social arts; it has something to do. It liberates man from the bondage of the past, due to ignorance and accident hardened into custom. It projects a better future and assists man in its realization. -John Dewey': 1, 'Science without religion is lame, religion without science is blind. -Albert Einstein': 2, 'To me there has never been a higher source of earthly honor or distinction than that connected with advances in science. -Isaac Newton': 1, 'Nothing before had ever made me thoroughly realise, though I had read various scientific books, that science consists in grouping facts so that general laws or conclusions may be drawn from them. -Charles Darwin': 1, 'Science is facts; just as houses are made of stones, so is science made of facts; but a pile of stones is not a house and a collection of facts is not necessarily science. -Henri Poincare': 3, 'No doubt those who really founded modern science were usually those whose love of truth exceeded their love of power. -C.S. Lewis': 1} 
remain {'What is the most important for democracy is not that great fortunes should not exist, but that great fortunes should not remain in the same hands. In that way there are rich men, but they do not form a class. -Alexis de Tocqueville': 1, 'All children are artists. The problem is how to remain an artist once he grows up. -Pablo Picasso': 1, 'Nothing gives one person so much advantage over another as to remain always cool and unruffled under all circumstances. -Thomas Jefferson': 1, 'Television is a medium of entertainment which permits millions of people to listen to the same joke at the same time, and yet remain lonesome. -T.S. Eliot': 1} 
nine {'If you see ten troubles coming down the road, you can be sure that nine will run into the ditch before they reach you. -Calvin Coolidge': 1, 'I think and think for months and years, ninety-nine times, the conclusion is false. The hundredth time I am right. -Albert Einstein': 1, 'Thus the metric system did not really catch on in the States, unless you count the increasing popularity of the nine-millimeter bullet. -Dave Barry': 1, 'Genius is one per cent inspiration, ninety-nine per cent perspiration. -Thomas Edison': 1, 'One of the striking differences between a cat and a lie is that a cat has only nine lives. -Mark Twain': 1, "Don't knock the weather; nine-tenths of the people couldn't start a conversation if it didn't change once in a while. -Kin Hubbard": 1, 'Nothing separates the generations more than music. By the time a child is eight or nine, he has developed a passion for his own music that is even stronger than his passions for procrastination and weird clothes. -Bill Cosby': 1} 
learn {'There is only one rule for being a good talker - learn to listen. -Christopher Morley': 1, 'That men do not learn very much from the lessons of history is the most important of all the lessons of history. -Aldous Huxley': 1, 'He who learns but does not think, is lost! He who thinks but does not learn is in great danger. -Confucius': 1, 'We are living in a world, where what we earn is a function of what we learn. -Bill Clinton': 1, 'I am a writer of books in retrospect. I talk in order to understand; I teach in order to learn. -Robert Frost': 1, "Learning carries within itself certain dangers because out of necessity one has to learn from one's enemies. -Leon Trotsky": 1, 'Live as if you were to die tomorrow. Learn as if you were to live forever. -Mahatma Gandhi': 1, 'Failure is success if we learn from it. -Malcolm Forbes': 1} 
male {"Having a male gynecologist is like going to an auto mechanic who doesn't own a car. -Carrie Snow": 1} 
history {'That men do not learn very much from the lessons of history is the most important of all the lessons of history. -Aldous Huxley': 2, 'Skepticism is a virtue in history as well as in philosophy. -Napoleon Bonaparte': 1, 'History does not long entrust the care of freedom to the weak or the timid. -Dwight Eisenhower': 1, "History doesn't repeat itself, but it does rhyme. -Mark Twain": 1, 'Karate is a form of marital arts in which people who have had years and years of training can, using only their hands and feet, make some of the worst movies in the history of the world. -Dave Barry': 1, 'Without question, the greatest invention in the history of mankind is beer. Oh, I grant you that the wheel was also a fine invention, but the wheel does not go nearly as well with pizza. -Dave Barry': 1, 'There is only one force of history that can break the reign of hatred and resentment, and expose the pretensions of tyrants, and reward the hopes of the decent and tolerant, and that is the force of human freedom. -George W. Bush': 1} 
beautiful {'In life, as in art, the beautiful moves in curves. -Edward Bulwer-Lytton': 1, 'Love is the delightful interval between meeting a beautiful girl and discovering that she looks like a haddock. -John Barrymore': 1, 'Being is desirable because it is identical with Beauty, and Beauty is loved because it is Being. We ourselves possess Beauty when we are true to our own being; ugliness is in going over to another order; knowing ourselves, we are beautiful; in self-ignorance, we are ugly. -Ambrose Bierce': 1, 'The best and most beautiful things in the world cannot be seen or even touched. They must be felt with the heart. -Helen Keller': 1, 'In the Orthodox spiritual tradition, the ultimate moral question we ask is the following: Is what we are doing, is what I am doing, beautiful or not? -Carolyn Gifford': 1, "Is there anything more beautiful than a beautiful, beautiful flamingo, flying across in front of a beautiful sunset? And he's carrying a beautiful rose in his beak, and also he's carrying a very beautiful painting with his feet. And also, you're drunk. -Jack Handey": 6, "We must repsect the other fellow's religion, but only in the sense and to the extent that we respect his theory that his wife is beautiful and his children are smart. -Henry Mencken": 1} 
woman's {"A diplomat is a man who always remembers a woman's birthday but never remembers her age. -Robert Frost": 1} 
embarrassing {"As a woman, I find it very embarrassing to be in a meeting and realize I'm the only one in the room with balls. -Rita Mae Brown": 1, "Dying is the most embarrassing thing that can ever happen to you, because someone's got to take care of all your details. -Andy Warhol": 1} 
final {'Every gun that is made, every warship launched, every rocket fired, signifies in the final sense a theft from those who hunger and are not fed, those who are cold and are not clothed. -Dwight Eisenhower': 1} 
accept {"If you wanna be free, you've gotta accept everything. -Jason Mechalek": 1, "Accept good advice gracefully--as long as it doesn't interfere with what you intended to do in the first place. -Gene Brown": 1, 'Accept the challenges so that you can feel the exhilaration of victory. -George Patton': 1} 
states {'Thus the metric system did not really catch on in the States, unless you count the increasing popularity of the nine-millimeter bullet. -Dave Barry': 1, 'There is a theory which states that if ever anyone discovers exactly what the Universe is for and why it is here, it will instantly disappear and be replaced by something even more bizarre and inexplicable. There is another theory which states that this has already happened. -Douglas Adams': 2, 'No easy problem ever comes to the President of the United States. If they are easy to solve, somebody else has solved them. -John F. Kennedy': 1, 'Rome remained free for four hundred years and Sparta eight hundred, although their citizens were armed all that time; but many other states that have been disarmed have lost their liberties in less than forty years. -Nicolo Machiavelli': 1, "You give me a credit to which I have no claim in calling me 'the writer of the Constitution of the United States.' This was not, like the fabled Goddess of Wisdom, the offspring of a single brain. It ought to be regarded as the work of many heads and many hands. -James Madison": 1, 'There is hardly a political question in the United States which does not sooner or later turn into a judicial one. -Alexis de Tocqueville': 1, 'The United States stands at the pinnacle of world power. This is a solemn moment for the American democracy. For with primacy in power is joined an awe-inspiring accountability for the future. -Winston Churchill': 1} 
protects {'Providence protects children and idiots. I know because I have tested it. -Mark Twain': 1} 
attain {'Money can help you to get medicines but not health. Money can help you to get soft pillows, but not sound sleep. Money can help you to get material comforts, but not eternal bliss. Money can help you to get ornaments, but not beauty. Money will help you to get an electric earphone, but not natural hearing. Attain the supreme wealth, wisdom, and you will have everything. -Benjamin Franklin': 1} 
purchased {'Even peace may be purchased at too high a price. -Benjamin Franklin': 1} 
sense {'Imagination is a quality given a man to compensate him for what he is not, and a sense of humor was provided to console him for what he is. -Oscar Wilde': 1, 'The philosophy of one century is the common sense of the next. -Henry Ward Beecher': 1, 'No sooner do we depart from sense and instinct to follow reason but we are insensibly drawn into uncouth paradoxes, difficulties, and inconsistencies, which multiply and grow upon us as we advance in speculation; till at length, having wandered through many intricate mazes, we find ourselves just where we were, or, which is worse, sit down in a forlorn scepticism. -George Berkeley': 1, 'Every gun that is made, every warship launched, every rocket fired, signifies in the final sense a theft from those who hunger and are not fed, those who are cold and are not clothed. -Dwight Eisenhower': 1, 'Never give in--never, never, never, never, in nothing great or small, large or petty, never give in except to convictions of honour and good sense. Never yield to force; never yield to the apparently overwhelming might of the enemy. -Winston Churchill': 1, 'I feel impelled to speak today in a language that in a sense is new-one which I, who have spent so much of my life in the military profession, would have preferred never to use. That new language is the language of atomic warfare. -Dwight Eisenhower': 1, 'There is hope for the future because God has a sense of humor and we are funny to God. -Bill Cosby': 1, "We must repsect the other fellow's religion, but only in the sense and to the extent that we respect his theory that his wife is beautiful and his children are smart. -Henry Mencken": 1, 'America did not invent human rights. In a very real sense...human rights invented America. -Jimmy Carter': 1} 
cows {'Sacred cows make the best hamburger. -Mark Twain': 1} 
phrase {"The most exciting phrase to hear in science, the one that heralds new discoveries, is not 'Eureka!' (I found it!) but 'That's funny...' -Isaac Asimov": 1} 
lacks {'Happiness makes up in height for what it lacks in length. -Robert Frost': 1} 
offspring {"You give me a credit to which I have no claim in calling me 'the writer of the Constitution of the United States.' This was not, like the fabled Goddess of Wisdom, the offspring of a single brain. It ought to be regarded as the work of many heads and many hands. -James Madison": 1} 
garden {"What is a wedding? Webster's dictionary defines a wedding as 'the process of removing weeds from one's garden.' -Homer Simpson": 1} 
information {'Information is not knowledge. -Albert Einstein': 1} 
needs {'Man is the only animal that blushes - or needs to. -Mark Twain': 1, 'It is error alone which needs the support of government. Truth can stand by itself. -Thomas Jefferson': 1, 'What the country needs is dirtier fingernails and cleaner minds. -Will Rogers': 1, 'To defend Western Europe we have to let the Pentagon buy all these tanks and guns and things, and the Pentagon is unable to buy any object that that costs less than a condominium in Vail. If the Pentagon needs, say, fruit, it will argue that it must have fruit that can withstand the rigors of combat conditions, and it will wind up purchasing the FX-700 Seedless Tactical Grape, which will cost $160,000 per bunch, and will have an 83 percent failure rate. -Dave Barry': 1} 
goal {'You are never too old to set another goal or to dream a new dream. -C.S. Lewis': 1} 
awkward {"Science is not about building a body of known 'facts'. It is a method for asking awkward questions and subjecting them to a reality-check, thus avoiding the human tendency to believe whatever makes us feel good. -Terry Pratchett": 1} 
rather {'The greatest happiness of life is the conviction that we are loved, loved for ourselves, or rather, loved in spite of ourselves. -Victor Hugo': 1, 'Most modern freedom is at root fear. It is not so much that we are too bold to endure rules; it is rather that we are too timid to endure responsibilities. -GK Chesterton': 1, "It does not require a majority to prevail, but rather an irate, tireless minority keen to set brush fires in people's minds. -Samuel Adams": 1, 'A few hours of mountain climbing turn a villain and a saint into two rather equal creature. Exhaustion is the shortest way to equality and fraternity, and liberty is added eventually by sleep. -Friedrich Nietzsche': 1, "The only way to keep your health is to eat what you don't want, drink what you don't like, and do what you'd rather not. -Mark Twain": 1, 'Americans are so enamored of equality, they would rather be equal in slavery than unequal in freedom. -Alexis de Tocqueville': 1, "I'd rather hear an old truth than a new lie. -Chris Bowyer": 1, 'There is nothing funny about Halloween. This sarcastic festival reflects, rather, an infernal demand for revenge by children on the adult world. -Jean Baudrillard': 1} 
plans {"Life is what happens to you while you're busy making other plans. -John Lennon": 1} 
comfort {'Chicago sounds rough to the maker of verse. One comfort we have: Cincinnati sounds worse. -Oliver Wendell Holmes': 1} 
patrick henry {'Guard with jealous attention the public liberty. Suspect everyone who approaches that jewel. -Patrick Henry': 1} 
six {"Speeches are for the younger men who are going places. And I'm not going anyplace except six feet under the floor of that little chapel adjoining the museum and library at Abilene. -Dwight Eisenhower": 1} 
occasionally {'Women are the only realists; their whole object in life is to pit their realism against the extravagant, excessive, and occasionally drunken idealism of men. -GK Chesterton': 1} 
sacred {'Sacred cows make the best hamburger. -Mark Twain': 1} 
stir {'Deliberation and debate is the way you stir the soul of our democracy. -Jesse Jackson': 1} 
gravitate {'In any fairly large and talkative community such as a university there is always the danger that those who think alike should gravitate together where they will henceforth encounter opposition only in the emasculated form of rumour that the outsiders say thus and thus. The absent are easily refuted, complacent dogmatism thrives, and differences of opinion are embittered by the group hostility. Each group hears not the best, but the worst, that the other group can say. -C.S. Lewis': 1} 
creature {'A few hours of mountain climbing turn a villain and a saint into two rather equal creature. Exhaustion is the shortest way to equality and fraternity, and liberty is added eventually by sleep. -Friedrich Nietzsche': 1} 
simplicity {'Simplicity is the ultimate sophistication. -Leonardo da Vinci': 1} 
saint {'A few hours of mountain climbing turn a villain and a saint into two rather equal creature. Exhaustion is the shortest way to equality and fraternity, and liberty is added eventually by sleep. -Friedrich Nietzsche': 1} 
tried {'It is hard to fail, but it is worse never to have tried to succeed. -Theodore Roosevelt': 1, 'Anyone who has never made a mistake has never tried anything new. -Albert Einstein': 1} 
fx {'To defend Western Europe we have to let the Pentagon buy all these tanks and guns and things, and the Pentagon is unable to buy any object that that costs less than a condominium in Vail. If the Pentagon needs, say, fruit, it will argue that it must have fruit that can withstand the rigors of combat conditions, and it will wind up purchasing the FX-700 Seedless Tactical Grape, which will cost $160,000 per bunch, and will have an 83 percent failure rate. -Dave Barry': 1} 
advice {"Accept good advice gracefully--as long as it doesn't interfere with what you intended to do in the first place. -Gene Brown": 1, "Advice to young writers who want to get ahead without annoying delays: don\x92t write about Man, write about 'a' man. -E.B. White": 1} 
sophistication {'Simplicity is the ultimate sophistication. -Leonardo da Vinci': 1} 
triumphs {"Thus far, the reputed idiot Bush has graduated from Yale and Harvard, made a stack of cash in the oil industry, become the first consecutive-term governor of Texas, defeated a dual-term VP for the presidency, and led his party to [November 5th's] extraordinary triumphs. Let his opponents keep calling him stupid; if they do, within five years Bush will be King of England, the Pope, and world Formula One motor racing champion. -Tim Blair": 1} 
tries {'He therefore is the truest friend to the liberty of this country who tries most to promote its virtue, and who, so far as his power and influence extend, will not suffer a man to be chosen into any office of power and trust who is not a wise and virtuous man. -Samuel Adams': 1} 
terrorist {'Democratic nations must try to find ways to starve the terrorist and the hijacker of the oxygen of publicity on which they depend. -Margaret Thatcher': 1} 
conveniences {'Such is the delicacy of man alone, that no object is produced to his liking. He finds that in everything there is need for improvement. The whole industry of human life is employed not in procuring the supply of our three humble necessities, food, clothes and lodging, but in procuring the conveniences of it according to the nicety and delicacy of our tastes. -Adam Smith': 1} 
blood {'There is no glory in battle worth the blood it costs. -Dwight Eisenhower': 1, 'Humility must always be the portion of any man who receives acclaim earned in blood of his followers and sacrifices of his friends. -Dwight Eisenhower': 1, "Blood is the ink of our life's story. -Jason Mechalek": 1, "Playwriting gets into your blood and you can't stop it. At least, not until the producers or the public tell you to. -T.S. Eliot": 1, 'Rhis is to be asserted in general of men: that they are ungrateful, fickle, false, cowardly, covetous, and as long as you succeed, are yours entirely; they will offer you their blood, property, life, and children...when the need is far distant; but when it approaches, they will turn against you. -Nicolo Machiavelli': 1} 
coming {'If you see ten troubles coming down the road, you can be sure that nine will run into the ditch before they reach you. -Calvin Coolidge': 1, "Don't worry about the world coming to an end today. It's already tomorrow in Australia. -Charles Schulz": 1} 
invasion {'One can resist the invasion of an army but one cannot resist the invasion of ideas. -Victor Hugo': 2} 
james baldwin {'Freedom is not something that anybody can be given; freedom is something people take and people are as free as they want to be. -James Baldwin': 1} 
inconceivable {"What sunshine is to flowers, smiles are to humanity. These are but trifles, to be sure; but scattered along life's pathway, the good they do is inconceivable. -Joseph Addison": 1} 
murderous {'It is the madness of folly, to expect mercy from those who have refused to do justice; and even mercy, where conquest is the object, is only a trick of war; the cunning of the fox is as murderous as the violence of the wolf. -Thomas Paine': 1} 
a {"It is impossible to experience one's death objectively and still carry a tune. -Woody Allen": 1, 'There is only one rule for being a good talker - learn to listen. -Christopher Morley': 1, "I didn't attend the funeral, but I sent a nice letter saying I approved of it. -Mark Twain": 1, 'If the primary aim of a captain were to preserve his ship, he would keep it in port forever. -Thomas Aquinas': 1, 'Let the word go forth from this time and place, to friend and foe alike, that the torch has been passed to a new generation of Americans. -John F. Kennedy': 1, "I've worked for four presidents and watched two others up close, and I know that there's no such thing as a routine day in the Oval Office. -Dick Cheney": 1, 'Everything that used to be a sin is now a disease. -Bill Maher': 2, "Man's best possession is a sympathetic wife. -Euripides": 1, "Happiness is so hard to define and foolish to define. Am I acting? That's the worst thing you can ask yourself. You can be happy suddenly. It can spring on you, not when you reach a plateau. You can be happy going backward or going down. You can be happy at the loss of something. -Steve Martin": 1, "You don't take a photograph, you make it. -Ansel Adams": 1, 'Skepticism is a virtue in history as well as in philosophy. -Napoleon Bonaparte': 1, 'We know too much, and are convinced of too little. Our literature is a substitute for religion, and so is our religion. -T.S. Eliot': 1, "To be pleased with one's limits is a wretched state. -Johann Wolfgang von Goethe": 1, 'A man is never more truthful than when he acknowledges himself a liar. -Mark Twain': 2, "The puritanism of Christianity has played havoc with the moderation that an enlightened and tolerant critical spirit would have produced. I've noticed that in whatever country, county, town, or other region there is a regulation enjoining temperance, the population seems to be entirely composed of teetotallers and drunkards. There's a Bible on that shelf there. But I keep it next to Voltaire - poison and antidote. -Bertrand Russell": 2, 'No man will make a great leader who wants to do it all himself or get all the credit for doing it. -Andrew Carnegie': 1, "What is it that makes a complete stranger dive into an icy river to save a solid-gold baby? Maybe we'll never know. -Jack Handey": 2, 'The Nation which indulges toward another an habitual hatred or an habitual fondness is in some degree a slave. It is a slave to its animosity or to its affection, either of which is sufficient to lead it astray from its duty and its interest. -George Washington': 2, 'It has been said that man is a rational animal. All my life I have been searching for evidence which could support this. -Bertrand Russell': 1, 'The intellect is not a serious thing, and never has been. It is an instrument on which one plays, that is all. -Oscar Wilde': 1, 'When an American says that he loves his country, he means not only that he loves the New England hills, the prairies glistening in the sun, the wide and rising plains, the great mountains, and the sea. He means that he loves an inner air, an inner light in which freedom lives and in which a man can draw the breath of self-respect. -Adlai Stevenson': 1, 'Friendship is a single soul dwelling in two bodies. -Aristotle': 1, 'Washington is a city of Southern efficiency and Northern charm. -John F. Kennedy': 1, 'To defend Western Europe we have to let the Pentagon buy all these tanks and guns and things, and the Pentagon is unable to buy any object that that costs less than a condominium in Vail. If the Pentagon needs, say, fruit, it will argue that it must have fruit that can withstand the rigors of combat conditions, and it will wind up purchasing the FX-700 Seedless Tactical Grape, which will cost $160,000 per bunch, and will have an 83 percent failure rate. -Dave Barry': 1, 'Journalism is literature in a hurry. -Matthew Arnold': 1, 'Analyzing humor is like dissecting a frog. Few people are interested and the frog dies of it. -E.B. White': 1, 'Through pride we are ever deceiving ourselves. But deep down below the surface of the average conscience a still, small voice says to us, something is out of tune. -Carl Jung': 1, 'Beauty is ever to the lonely mind a shadow fleeting; she is never plain. She is a visitor who leaves behind the gift of grief, the souvenir of pain. -Christopher Morley': 2, 'It is better to be bold than too circumspect, because fortune is of a sex which likes not a tardy wooer and repulses all who are not ardent. -Nicolo Machiavelli': 2, "There are people who put their dreams in a little box and say, Yes, I've got dreams, of course I've got dreams. Then they put the box away and bring it out once in awhile to look in it, and yep, they're still there. -Erna Bombeck": 1, 'I almost had a pyschic girlfriend, but she left me before we met. -Steven Wright': 1, "Being a leader is like being a lady, if you have to go around telling people you are one, you aren't. -Margaret Thatcher": 2, 'Regarding the debate about faith and works: It\x92s like asking which blade in a pair of scissors is most important. -C.S. Lewis': 1, '\x93Take a chance! All life is a chance. The man who goes farthest is generally the one who is willing to do and dare. -Dale Carnegie': 2, 'In all chaos there is a cosmos, in all disorder a secret order. -Carl Jung': 2, 'A powerful idea communicates some of its strength to him who challenges it. -Marcel Proust': 1, "I planted some bird seed. A bird came up. Now I don't know what to feed it. -Steven Wright": 1, 'Some of your countrymen were unable to distinguish between their native dislike for war and the stainless patriotism of those who suffered its scars. But there has been a rethinking and now we can say to you, and say as a nation, thank you for your courage. -Ronald Reagan': 2, 'Like many intellectuals, he was incapable of saying a simple thing in a simple way. -Marcel Proust': 2, 'People have a way of becoming what you encourage them to be, not what you nag them to be. -Author Unknown': 1, "Of all tyrannies, a tyranny exercised for the good of its victims may be the most oppressive. It may be better to live under robber barons than under omnipotent moral busybodies. The robber baron's cruelty may sometimes sleep, his cupidity may at some point be satiated; but those who torment us for our own good will torment us without end, for they do so with the approval of their own conscience. -C.S. Lewis": 1, "Those who are preoccupied with 'making a statement' usually don't have any statements worth making. -Thomas Sowell": 1, 'We are living in a world, where what we earn is a function of what we learn. -Bill Clinton': 2, 'I could not handle being a woman, I would stay home all day and play with my breasts. -Steve Martin': 1, 'You find out more about God from the Moral Law than from the univerise in general just as you find out more about a man by listening to his conversation than by looking at a house he has built. -C.S. Lewis': 2, "If your kid makes one of those little homemade guitars out of a cigar box and rubber bands, don't let him just play it once or twice and then throw it away. Make him practice on it, every day, for about three hours a day. Later, he'll thank you. -Jack Handey": 2, 'I am a writer of books in retrospect. I talk in order to understand; I teach in order to learn. -Robert Frost': 1, "There's nothing sadder in this world than to awake Christmas morning and not be a child. -Erna Bombeck": 1, 'Wedding: a ceremony at which two persons undertake to become one, one undertakes to become nothing, and nothing undertakes to become supportable. -Ambrose Bierce': 1, 'To assert that the earth revolves around the sun is as erroneous as to claim that Jesus was not born of a virgin. -Cardinal Bellarmine': 1, 'Science is facts; just as houses are made of stones, so is science made of facts; but a pile of stones is not a house and a collection of facts is not necessarily science. -Henri Poincare': 3, "Don't ever take a fence down until you know why it was put up. -Robert Frost": 1, 'We are what we repeatedly do. Excellence, therefore, is not an act, but a habit. -Aristotle': 1, 'In the beginning, the universe was created. This made a lot of people very angry, and has been widely regarded as a bad idea. -Douglas Adams': 2, "Having someone wonder where you are when you don't come home at night is a very old human need. -Margaret Mead": 1, "I think, at a child's birth, if a mother could ask a fairy godmother to endow it with the most useful gift, that gift should be curiosity. -Eleanor Roosevelt": 3, 'The last thing one discovers in composing a work is what to put first. -Blaise Pascal': 1, "The only kind of seafood I trust is the fish stick, a totally featureless fish that doesn't have eyeballs or fins. -Dave Barry": 1, "A grandmother pretends she doesn't know who you are on Halloween. -Erna Bombeck": 1, 'This will never be a civilized country until we expend more money for books than we do for chewing gum. -Elbert Hubbard': 1, 'America is not like a blanket: one piece of unbroken cloth, the same color, the same texture, the same size. America is more like a quilt: many patches, many pieces, many colors, many sizes, all woven and held together by a common thread. -Jesse Jackson': 3, 'The illegal we do immediately. The unconstitutional takes a little longer. -Henry Kissinger': 1, 'Ocean: A body of water occupying 2/3 of a world made for man...who has no gills. -Ambrose Bierce': 2, 'Without question, the greatest invention in the history of mankind is beer. Oh, I grant you that the wheel was also a fine invention, but the wheel does not go nearly as well with pizza. -Dave Barry': 1, 'It is better to keep your mouth closed and let people think you are a fool than to open it and remove all doubt. -Mark Twain': 1, 'It still remains true that no justification of virtue will enable a man to be virtuous. -C.S. Lewis': 1, 'A people that values its privileges above its principles soon loses both. -Dwight Eisenhower': 1, 'Without music, life would be a mistake. -Friedrich Nietzsche': 1, 'Against criticism a man can neither protest nor defend himself; he must act in spite of it, and then it will gradually yield to him. -Johann Wolfgang von Goethe': 1, 'The greatness of our country has been based on our thinking that everyone has a right even to be wrong. -Ronald Reagan': 1, 'Even if there is only one possible unified theory, it is just a set of rules and equations. What is it that breathes fire into the equations and makes a universe for them to describe? -Stephen Hawking': 2, 'The whole life of an American is passed like a game of chance, a revolutionary crisis, or a battle. -Alexis de Tocqueville': 3, "You can't build a reputation on what you are going to do. -Henry Ford": 1, 'Moral indignation is jealousy with a halo. -H.G. Wells': 1, "It is a good idea to ''shop around'' before you settle on a doctor. Ask about the condition of his Mercedes. Ask about the competence of his mechanic. Don't be shy! After all, you're paying for it. -Dave Barry": 2, 'Plato was a bore. -Friedrich Nietzsche': 1, 'In politics, if you want anything said, ask a man; if you want anything done, ask a woman. -Margaret Thatcher': 2, "It is a scientific fact that your body will not absorb cholesterol if you take it from another person's plate. -Dave Barry": 1, 'To you taxpayers out there, let me say this: Make sure you file your tax return on time! And remember that, even though income taxes can be a \x93pain in the neck,\x94 the folks at the IRS are regular people just like you, except that they can destroy your life. -Dave Barry': 1, 'Never judge a philosophy by its abuse. -Saint Augustine': 1, 'There is hope for the future because God has a sense of humor and we are funny to God. -Bill Cosby': 1, 'Show me a thoroughly satisfied man and I will show you a failure. -Thomas Edison': 2, 'This does not mean that the enemy is to be allowed to escape. The object is to make him believe that there is a road to safety, and thus prevent his fighting with the courage of despair. After that, you may crush him. -Sun Tzu': 1, 'Cooking was invented in prehistoric times, when a primitive tribe had a lucky accident. The tribe had killed an animal and was going to eat it raw, when a tribe member named Woog tripped and dropped it into the fire. At first the other tribe members were angry at Woog, but then, as the aroma of burning meat filled the air, they had an idea. So they ate Woog raw. -Dave Barry': 3, 'If we do not help a man in trouble, it is as if we caused the trouble. -Nachman of Bratslav': 1, "To me, clowns aren't funny. In fact, they're kinda scary. I've wondered where this started, and I think it goes back to the time I went to the circus and a clown killed my dad. -Jack Handey": 1, 'Imagination is a quality given a man to compensate him for what he is not, and a sense of humor was provided to console him for what he is. -Oscar Wilde': 3, 'We need not just a new generation of leadership but a new gender of leadership. -Bill Clinton': 2, "A University of Chicago professor said the greatest day in the world was when a water puppy crawled out on land and decided to stay. The water puppy, he said, went on to become a man. If he proves that, I am willing to give up Christmas, Thanksgiving, and New Year's Day, and to celebrate Water Puppy Day. -William Jennings Bryan": 3, 'Everyone is in awe of the lion tamer in a cage with half a dozen lions -- everyone but a school bus driver. -Laurence Peter': 3, 'A truly great book should be read in youth, again in maturity and once more in old age, as a fine building should be seen by morning light, at noon and by moonlight. -Robertson Davies': 2, 'You are young, my son, and, as the years go by, time will change and even reverse many of your present opinions. Refrain therefore awhile from setting yourself up as a judge of the highest matters. -Plato': 1, 'It must be remembered that there is nothing more difficult to plan, more doubtful of success nor more dangerous to manage than the creation of a new system. For the initiator has the enmity of all who profit by the preservation of the old institution and merely lukewarm defenders in those who would gain by the new one. -Nicolo Machiavelli': 1, 'Goldie and I did have a car stolen right out of our yard. It took us three days to notice. -Kurt Russell': 1, "Don't go around saying the world owes you a living. The world owes you nothing. It was here first. -Mark Twain": 1, 'Forgiveness is not an occasional act: it is a permanent attitude. -Martin Luther King Jr.': 1, "As a woman, I find it very embarrassing to be in a meeting and realize I'm the only one in the room with balls. -Rita Mae Brown": 2, 'Nothing so dates a man as to decry the younger generation. -Adlai Stevenson': 1, "It does not require a majority to prevail, but rather an irate, tireless minority keen to set brush fires in people's minds. -Samuel Adams": 1, 'Humility is no substitute for a good personality. -Fran Lebowitz': 1, 'The object of teaching a child is to enable him to get along without a teacher. -Elbert Hubbard': 2, 'I hope that when you are my age, you will be able to say as I have been able to say: We lived in freedom. We lived lives that were a statement, not an apology. -Ronald Reagan': 1, 'Errors of haste are seldom committed singly. The first time a man always does too much. And precisely on that account he commits a second error, and then he does too little. -Friedrich Nietzsche': 2, 'I think the best possible social program is a job. -Ronald Reagan': 1, "One thing they never tell you about child raising is that for the rest of your life, at the drop of a hat, you are expected to know your child's name and how old he or she is. -Erna Bombeck": 1, 'As I would not be a slave, so I would not be a master. This expresses my idea of democracy. Whatever differs from this, to the extent of the difference, is no democracy. -Abraham Lincoln': 2, 'A free society is one where it is safe to be unpopular. -Adlai Stevenson': 1, "Duties are not performed for duty's sake, but because their neglect would make the man uncomfortable. A man performs but one duty - the duty of contenting his spirit, the duty of making himself agreeable to himself. -Mark Twain": 1, 'A typical vice of American politics is the avoidance of saying anything real on real issues. -Theodore Roosevelt': 1, 'Reason is experimental intelligence, conceived after the pattern of science, and used in the creation of social arts; it has something to do. It liberates man from the bondage of the past, due to ignorance and accident hardened into custom. It projects a better future and assists man in its realization. -John Dewey': 1, "A man can't be too careful in the choice of his enemies. -Oscar Wilde": 1, 'To be a philosopher is not merely to have subtle thoughts; but so to love wisdom as to live according to its dictates. -Henry Thoreau': 1, 'It is hard to believe that a man is telling the truth when you know that you would lie if you were in his place. -Henry Mencken': 1, 'Life is no brief candle to me. It is a sort of splendid torch which I have got a hold of for the moment, and I want to make it burn as brightly as possible before handing it onto future generations. -George Bernard Shaw': 2, 'It takes a long time to turn a big country around. -Bill Clinton': 2, 'Karate is a form of marital arts in which people who have had years and years of training can, using only their hands and feet, make some of the worst movies in the history of the world. -Dave Barry': 1, "What a man's mind can create, man's character can control. -Thomas Edison": 1, 'One of the striking differences between a cat and a lie is that a cat has only nine lives. -Mark Twain': 3, 'I hate war as only a soldier who has lived it can, only as one who has seen its brutality, its futility, its stupidity. -Dwight Eisenhower': 1, 'Fatherhood is pretending the present you love most is soap on-a-rope. -Bill Cosby': 1, 'In any fairly large and talkative community such as a university there is always the danger that those who think alike should gravitate together where they will henceforth encounter opposition only in the emasculated form of rumour that the outsiders say thus and thus. The absent are easily refuted, complacent dogmatism thrives, and differences of opinion are embittered by the group hostility. Each group hears not the best, but the worst, that the other group can say. -C.S. Lewis': 1, "If you could kick the person in the pants responsible for most of your trouble, you wouldn't sit for a month. -Theodore Roosevelt": 1, 'There is a great deal of difference between an eager man who wants to read a book and the tired man who wants a book to read. -GK Chesterton': 3, 'I mistrust the judgment of every man in a case in which his own wishes are concerned. -Daniel Webster': 1, 'If the United Nations once admits that international disputes can be settled by using force, then we will have destroyed the foundation of the organization and our best hope of establishing a world order. -Dwight Eisenhower': 1, 'Remember that happiness is a way of travel, not a destination. -Roy Goodman': 2, "A man's very highest moment is, I have no doubt at all, when he kneels in the dust, and beats his breast, and tells all the sins of his life. -Oscar Wilde": 1, 'One swallow does not make a summer. -Aristotle': 1, 'The truth is always a trick to those who live among lies. -Author Unknown': 1, 'Government is not reason; it is not eloquent; it is force. Like fire, it is a dangerous servant and a fearful master. -George Washington': 2, 'Every difference of opinion is not a difference of principle. We have called by different names brethren of the same principle. -Thomas Jefferson': 1, 'Returning violence for violence multiplies violence, adding deeper darkness to a night already devoid of stars. -Martin Luther King Jr.': 1, "I'm a middle age white guy, which means I'm constantly reminded that my particular group is responsible for the oppression of every known minority PLUS most wars PLUS government corruption PLUS pollution of the environment, not to mention that it was middle-age white guys who killed Bambi's mom. -Dave Barry": 1, 'There are three rules for writing a novel. Unfortunately, no one knows what they are. -W. Somerset Maugham': 1, "You give me a credit to which I have no claim in calling me 'the writer of the Constitution of the United States.' This was not, like the fabled Goddess of Wisdom, the offspring of a single brain. It ought to be regarded as the work of many heads and many hands. -James Madison": 2, "Advice to young writers who want to get ahead without annoying delays: don\x92t write about Man, write about 'a' man. -E.B. White": 1, 'A Native American elder once described his own inner struggles in this manner: Inside of me there are two dogs. One of the dogs is mean and evil. The other dog is good. The mean dog fights the good dog all the time. When asked which dog wins, he reflected. -George Bernard Shaw': 1, "The function of RAM is to give us guys a way of deciding whose computer has the biggest, studliest, most tumescent MEMORY. This is important, because with today's complex software, the more memory a computer has, the faster it can produce error messages. So the bottom line is, if you're a guy, you cannot have enough RAM. -Dave Barry": 3, 'Before reciting his prayers, a man should give to charity. -Nachman of Bratslav': 1, "Thus far, the reputed idiot Bush has graduated from Yale and Harvard, made a stack of cash in the oil industry, become the first consecutive-term governor of Texas, defeated a dual-term VP for the presidency, and led his party to [November 5th's] extraordinary triumphs. Let his opponents keep calling him stupid; if they do, within five years Bush will be King of England, the Pope, and world Formula One motor racing champion. -Tim Blair": 2, 'There are a thousand hacking at the branches of evil to one who is striking at the root. -Henry Thoreau': 1, "The nice thing about being a celebrity is that, if you bore people, they think it's their fault. -Henry Kissinger": 1, 'I would not join any club that would have someone like me for a member. -Groucho Marx': 1, 'Surely what a man does when he is caught off his guard is the best evidence as to what sort of man he is. -C.S. Lewis': 1, "Don't knock the weather; nine-tenths of the people couldn't start a conversation if it didn't change once in a while. -Kin Hubbard": 2, 'The good thing about being bisexual is that it doubles your chance of a date on a Saturday night. -Woody Allen': 2, 'My dream is of a place and a time where America will once again be seen as the last best hope of earth. -Abraham Lincoln': 2, 'PRESIDENT, n. The leading figure in a small group of men of whom \x97 and of whom only \x97 it is positively known that immense numbers of their countrymen did not want any of them for President. -Ambrose Bierce': 1, "Science is not about building a body of known 'facts'. It is a method for asking awkward questions and subjecting them to a reality-check, thus avoiding the human tendency to believe whatever makes us feel good. -Terry Pratchett": 3, 'Some succeed by what they know; some by what they do; and a few by what they are. -Elbert Hubbard': 1, 'She was what we used to call a suicide blond - dyed by her own hand. -Saul Bellow': 1, 'Time is a great teacher, but unfortunately it kills all its pupils. -Louis Hector Berlioz': 1, "Having a male gynecologist is like going to an auto mechanic who doesn't own a car. -Carrie Snow": 2, 'I honestly think it is better to be a failure at something you love than to be a success at something you hate. -George Burns': 2, 'Life is a fatal complaint, and an eminently contagious one. -Oliver Wendell Holmes': 1, 'Two roads diverged in a wood, and I...I took the one less traveled by, and that has made all the difference. -Robert Frost': 1, 'A government which robs Peter to pay Paul can always depend on the support of Paul. -George Bernard Shaw': 1, 'If you are resolutely determined to make a lawyer of yourself, the thing is more than half done already. -Abraham Lincoln': 1, 'We know life is futile. A man who considers that his life is of very wonderful importance is awfully close to a padded cell. -Clarence Darrow': 2, "Life is not a support system for art. It's the other way around. -Stephen King": 1, 'A man who desires to get married should know either everything or nothing. -Oscar Wilde': 1, 'There is luxury in self-reproach. When we blame ourselves, we feel no one else has a right to blame us. -Oscar Wilde': 1, 'I have gathered a posie of other men\x92s flowers, and nothing but the thread that binds them is mine own. -John Bartlett': 1, 'The health of a democratic society may be measured by the quality of functions performed by private citizens. -Alexis de Tocqueville': 1, 'Patriotism is not short, frenzied outbursts of emotion, but the tranquil and steady dedication of a lifetime. -Adlai Stevenson': 1, 'Question with boldness even the existence of a God; because, if there be one, he must more approve of the homage of reason, than that of blind-folded fear. -Thomas Jefferson': 1, 'From kindergarten to graduation, I went to public schools, and I know that they are a key to being sure that every child has a chance to succeed and to rise in the world. -Dick Cheney': 2, 'The surest way of spoiling a pleasure is to start examining your satisfaction. -C.S. Lewis': 1, 'God enters by a private door into every individual. -Ralph Waldo Emerson': 1, 'There is a theory which states that if ever anyone discovers exactly what the Universe is for and why it is here, it will instantly disappear and be replaced by something even more bizarre and inexplicable. There is another theory which states that this has already happened. -Douglas Adams': 1, 'The mind of the thoroughly well-informed man is a dreadful thing. It is like a bric-\xe0-brac shop, all monsters and dust, with everything priced above its proper value. -Oscar Wilde': 2, "A diplomat is a man who always remembers a woman's birthday but never remembers her age. -Robert Frost": 3, "I've had a wonderful time, but this wasn't it. -Groucho Marx": 1, 'A leader is a man who can adapt principles to circumstances. -George Patton': 2, "I once said cynically of a politician, 'He'll doublecross that bridge when he comes to it.' -Oscar Levant": 1, 'A few hours of mountain climbing turn a villain and a saint into two rather equal creature. Exhaustion is the shortest way to equality and fraternity, and liberty is added eventually by sleep. -Friedrich Nietzsche': 3, 'Hanging is too good for a man who makes puns -- he should be drawn and quoted. -Fred Allen': 1, 'He wrapped himself in quotations--as a beggar would enfold himself in the purple of Emperors. -Rudyard Kipling': 1, 'A successful marriage requires falling in love many times, always with the same person. -Germaine Greer': 1, 'Sex at age ninety is like trying to shoot pool with a rope. -George Burns': 1, "Instead of a trap door, what about a trap window? The guy looks out it, and if he leans too far, he falls out. Wait. I guess that's like a regular window. -Jack Handey": 3, 'Freedom is nothing else but a chance to be better. -Albert Camus': 1, 'Nothing separates the generations more than music. By the time a child is eight or nine, he has developed a passion for his own music that is even stronger than his passions for procrastination and weird clothes. -Bill Cosby': 2, 'How did it happen that their lips came together? How does it happen that birds sing, that snow melts, that the rose unfolds, that the dawn whitens behind the stark shapes of trees on the quivering summit of the hill? A kiss, and all was said. -Victor Hugo': 1, 'No sooner do we depart from sense and instinct to follow reason but we are insensibly drawn into uncouth paradoxes, difficulties, and inconsistencies, which multiply and grow upon us as we advance in speculation; till at length, having wandered through many intricate mazes, we find ourselves just where we were, or, which is worse, sit down in a forlorn scepticism. -George Berkeley': 1, 'It is the madness of folly, to expect mercy from those who have refused to do justice; and even mercy, where conquest is the object, is only a trick of war; the cunning of the fox is as murderous as the violence of the wolf. -Thomas Paine': 1, "Never continue in a job you don't enjoy. If you're happy in what you're doing, you'll like yourself, you'll have inner peace. And if you have that, along with physical health, you will have had more success than you could possibly have imagined. -Johnny Carson": 1, 'It is a grand mistake to think of being great without goodness and I pronounce it as certain that there was never a truly great man that was not at the same time truly virtuous. -Benjamin Franklin': 2, 'Few people think more than two or three times a year. I have made an international reputation for myself by thinking once or twice a week. -George Bernard Shaw': 2, 'If a man is called to be a streetsweeper, he should sweep streets even as Michelangelo painted, or Beethoven composed music, or Shakespeare wrote poetry. He should sweep streets so well that all the host of heaven and earth will pause to say, here lived a great streetsweeper who did his job well. -Martin Luther King Jr.': 3, 'An oppressive government is more to be feared than a tiger. -Confucius': 1, 'Every gun that is made, every warship launched, every rocket fired, signifies in the final sense a theft from those who hunger and are not fed, those who are cold and are not clothed. -Dwight Eisenhower': 1, 'He who is of calm and happy nature will hardly feel the pressure of age, but to him who is of an opposite disposition youth and age are equally a burden. -Plato': 1, 'Man [has] always assumed that he was more intelligent than dolphins because he had achieved so much-the wheel, New York, wars and so on-while all the dolphins had ever done was muck about in the water having a good time. But conversely, the dolphins had always believed that they were far more intelligent than man-for precisely the same reason. -Douglas Adams': 1, "In every man's heart there is a secret nerve that answers to the vibrations of beauty. -Christopher Morley": 1, 'An actor is at most a poet and at least an entertainer. -Marlon Brando': 1, "The practice of art isn't to make a living. It's to make your soul grow. -Kurt Vonnegut": 1, "Money never made a man happy yet, nor will it. There is nothing in its nature to produce happiness. The more a man has, the more he wants. Instead of its filling a vacuum, it makes one. If it satisfies one want, it doubles and trebles that want another way. That was a true proverb of the wise man, rely upon it; ''Better is little with the fear of the Lord, than great treasure, and trouble therewith. -Benjamin Franklin": 4, 'There are painters who transform the sun to a yellow spot, but there are others who with the help of their art and their intelligence, transform a yellow spot into the sun. -Pablo Picasso': 2, 'I am a strong believer in luck and I find the harder I work the more I have of it. -Benjamin Franklin': 1, 'You can discover more about a person in an hour of play than in a year of conversation. -Plato': 2, "My role in society, or any artist's or poet's role, is to try and express what we all feel. Not to tell people how to feel. Not as a preacher, not as a leader, but as a reflection of us all. -John Lennon": 3, 'We are all worms, but I do believe I am a glow-worm. -Winston Churchill': 1, 'We make a living by what we get, but we make a life by what we give. -Winston Churchill': 2, "God help the man who won't marry until he finds a perfect woman, and God help him still more if he finds her. -Benjamin Tillet": 1, "Some folks look at me and see a certain swagger, which in Texas is called 'walking.' -George W. Bush": 1, 'Love is a fruit in season at all times, and within reach of every hand. -Mother Teresa': 1, 'He therefore is the truest friend to the liberty of this country who tries most to promote its virtue, and who, so far as his power and influence extend, will not suffer a man to be chosen into any office of power and trust who is not a wise and virtuous man. -Samuel Adams': 2, 'A right delayed is a right denied. -Martin Luther King Jr.': 2, 'If a man is proud of his wealth, he should not be praised until it is known how he employs it. -Socrates': 1, "We all wish to be judged by our peers, by the men 'after our own heart.' Only they really know our mind and only they judge it by standards we fully acknowledge. Theirs is the praise we really covet and the blame we really dread. The little pockets of early Chrstians survived because they cared exclusively for the love of 'the bretheren' and stopped their ears to the opinion of the Pagan society around them. But a circle of criminals, cranks, or perverts survives in just the same way; by becoming deaf to the opinion of the outer world, by discounting it as the chatter of outsiders who 'don't understand,' of the 'conventional,' the 'bourgeois,' the 'Establishment,' of prigs, prudes, and humbugs. -C.S. Lewis": 1, 'I arrive at the end of this review having done my duty as a critic. I have described the movie accurately and you have a good idea what you are in for if you go to see it. Most of you will not. I cannot argue with you. Some of you will--the brave and the curious. You embody the spirit of the man who first wondered what it would taste like to eat an oyster. -Roger Ebert': 2, 'When angry, count ten before you speak; if very angry, a hundred. -Thomas Jefferson': 1, "If a woman has to choose between catching a fly ball and saving an infant's life, she will choose to save the infant's life without even considering if there are men on base. -Dave Barry": 2, 'Rings and jewels are not gifts but apologies for gifts. The only true gift is a portion of yourself. -Ralph Waldo Emerson': 1, 'The surface of American society is covered with a layer of democratic paint, but from time to time one can see the old aristocratic colours breaking through. -Alexis de Tocqueville': 1, "One of the great attractions of patriotism -- it fulfills our worst wishes. In the person of our nation we are able, vicariously, to bully and cheat. Bully and cheat, what's more, with a feeling that we are profoundly virtuous. -Aldous Huxley": 1, 'When the human race has once acquired a supersitition nothing short of death is ever likely to remove it. -Mark Twain': 1, "I think a good gift for the president would be a chocolate revolver. And since he's so busy, you'd probably have to run up to him and hand it to him. -Jack Handey": 2, 'Even peace may be purchased at too high a price. -Benjamin Franklin': 1, 'A star on a movie set is like a time bomb. That bomb has got to be defused so people can approach it without fear. -Jack Nicholson': 3, 'Experience is that marvelous thing that enables you to recognize a mistake when you make it again. -Franklin Jones': 1, 'Sin has many tools, but a lie is the handle which fits them all. -Edmund Burke': 1, 'They that can give up essential liberty to obtain a little temporary safety deserve neither liberty nor safety. -Benjamin Franklin': 1, 'Love is the delightful interval between meeting a beautiful girl and discovering that she looks like a haddock. -John Barrymore': 2, 'An optimist is a person who starts a new diet on Thanksgiving Day. -Irv Kupcinet': 2, "There are some who've forgotten why we have a military. It's not to promote war; it's to be prepared for peace. -Ronald Reagan": 1, 'When you work seven days a week, fourteen hours a day, you get lucky. -Armand Hammer': 2, "When I see a play and understand it the first time, then I know it can't be much good. -T.S. Eliot": 1, 'A word is dead when it is said, some say. I say it just begins to live that day. -Emily Dickinson': 1, 'What is the most important for democracy is not that great fortunes should not exist, but that great fortunes should not remain in the same hands. In that way there are rich men, but they do not form a class. -Alexis de Tocqueville': 1, 'Maturity is a bitter disappointment for which no remedy exists, unless laughter can be said to remedy anything. -Kurt Vonnegut': 1, 'We have the Bill of Rights. What we need is a Bill of Responsibilities. -Bill Maher': 1, 'I always cheer up immensely if an attack is particularly wounding because I think, well, if they attack one personally, it means they have not a single political argument left. -Margaret Thatcher': 1, 'If you will not fight for the right when you can easily win without bloodshed; if you will not fight when your victory will be sure and not too costly; you may come to the moment when you will have to fight with all the odds against you and only a small chance of survival. There may even be a worse case: you may have to fight when there is no hope of victory, because it is better to perish than to live as slaves. -Winston Churchill': 2, 'To me there has never been a higher source of earthly honor or distinction than that connected with advances in science. -Isaac Newton': 1, 'Opera is when a guy gets stabbed in the back and, instead of bleeding, he sings. -Ed Gardner': 1, 'God does not give heed to the ambitiousness of our prayers, because he is always ready to give to us his light, not a visible light but an intellectual and spiritual one; but we are not always ready to receive it when we turn aside and down to other things out of a desire for temporal things. -Saint Augustine': 2, 'Fame is a fickle food upon a shifting plate. -Emily Dickinson': 2, "To me, it's always a good idea to always carry two sacks of something when you walk around. That way, if anybody says, 'Hey, can you give me a hand?,' you can say, 'Sorry, got these sacks.' -Jack Handey": 2, "I have a hobby...I have the world's largest collection of sea shells. I keep it scattered on beaches all over the world. Maybe you've seen some of it... -Steven Wright": 1, 'Success does not consist in never making mistakes but in never making the same one a second time. -George Bernard Shaw': 1, 'It takes a lot of courage to show your dreams to someone else. -Erna Bombeck': 1, 'No nation keeps its word. A nation is a big, blind worm, following what? Fate perhaps. A nation has no honor, it has no word to keep. -Carl Jung': 3, "Being president is like being a jackass in a hailstorm. There's nothing to do but stand there and take it. -Lyndon B. Johnson": 2, 'To write a good love letter, you ought to begin without knowing what you mean to say and to finish without knowing what you have written. -Jean-Jacques Rousseau': 1, "What is a wedding? Webster's dictionary defines a wedding as 'the process of removing weeds from one's garden.' -Homer Simpson": 2, 'No man but a blockhead ever wrote, except for money. -Samuel Johnson': 1, "I'd rather hear an old truth than a new lie. -Chris Bowyer": 1, 'Government is not a solution to our problem, government is the problem. -Ronald Reagan': 1, 'It is always thus, impelled by a state of mind which is destined not to last, that we make our irrevocable decisions. -Marcel Proust': 1, 'To explain the unknown by the known is a logical procedure; to explain the known by the unknown is a form of theological lunacy. -David Brooks': 2, "Don't marry a man to reform him - that's what reform schools are for. -Mae West": 1, 'The last thing a political party gives up is its vocabulary. -Alexis de Tocqueville': 1, 'There is one thing alone that stands the brunt of life throughout its course: a quiet conscience. -Euripides': 1, 'To be a leader means to be able to move masses. -Adolf Hitler': 1, 'In framing a government which is to be administered by men over men the great difficulty lies in this: You must first enable the government to control the governed, and in the next place, oblige it to control itself. -Alexander Hamilton': 1, 'By a curious confusion, many modern critics have passed from the proposition that a masterpiece may be unpopular to the other proposition that unless it is unpopular it cannot be a masterpiece. -GK Chesterton': 3, 'You are never too old to set another goal or to dream a new dream. -C.S. Lewis': 1, 'The direction in which education starts a man will determine his future life. -Plato': 1, "I'm not normally a religious man, but if you're up there, save me, Superman! -Homer Simpson": 1, 'The United States stands at the pinnacle of world power. This is a solemn moment for the American democracy. For with primacy in power is joined an awe-inspiring accountability for the future. -Winston Churchill': 1, "When we're unemployed, we're called lazy; when the whites are unemployed it's called a depression. -Jesse Jackson": 1, "To find out a girl's faults, praise her to her girl friends. -Benjamin Franklin": 1, 'On account of being a democracy and run by the people, we are the only nation in the world that has to keep a government four years, no matter what it does. -Will Rogers': 2, 'If tyranny and oppression come to this land, it will be in the guise of fighting a foreign enemy. -James Madison': 1, 'The broad masses of a population are more amenable to the appeal of rhetoric than to any other force. -Adolf Hitler': 1, 'A radical is a man with both feet firmly planted in the air. -Franklin D. Roosevelt': 2, 'I have never started a poem yet whose end I knew. Writing a poem is discovering. -Robert Frost': 2, 'I feel impelled to speak today in a language that in a sense is new-one which I, who have spent so much of my life in the military profession, would have preferred never to use. That new language is the language of atomic warfare. -Dwight Eisenhower': 2, "Is there anything more beautiful than a beautiful, beautiful flamingo, flying across in front of a beautiful sunset? And he's carrying a beautiful rose in his beak, and also he's carrying a very beautiful painting with his feet. And also, you're drunk. -Jack Handey": 4, "I'm the type who'd be happy not going anywhere as long as I was sure I knew exactly what was happening at the places I wasn't going to. I'm the type who'd like to sit home and watch every party that I'm invited to on a monitor in my bedroom. -Andy Warhol": 1, 'Anger is never without an argument, but seldom with a good one. -George Savile': 1, 'A mind that is stretched by a new experience can never go back to its old dimensions. -Oliver Wendell Holmes': 2, "I cried because I had no shoes, 'till I met a man who had no feet. So I said, 'You got any shoes you're not using'? -Steven Wright": 1, 'Show me your hands. Do they have scars from giving? Show me your feet. Are they wounded in service? Show me your heart. Have you left a place for divine love? -Fulton J. Sheen': 1, 'A great deal of intelligence can be invested in ignorance when the need for illusion is deep. -Saul Bellow': 1, "What I don't like about office Christmas parties is looking for a job the next day. -Phyllis Diller": 1, 'Any reviewer who expresses rage and loathing for a novel is preposterous. He or she is like a person who has put on full armor and attacked a hot fudge sundae. -Kurt Vonnegut': 3, 'Washington is a Hollywood for ugly people. Hollywood is a Washington for the simpleminded. -John McCain': 2, 'And what\x92s romance? Usually, a nice little tale where you have everything As You Like It, where rain never wets your jacket and gnats never bite your nose and it\x92s always daisy-time. -D.H. Lawrence': 1, 'There are perhaps no days of our childhood we lived so fully as those we spent with a favorite book. -Marcel Proust': 1, 'He that would make his own liberty secure, must guard even his enemy from opposition; for if he violates this duty he establishes a precedent that will reach himself. -Thomas Paine': 1, "We seem to be going through a period of nostalgia, and everyone seems to think yesterday was better than today. I don't think it was, and I would advise you not to wait ten years before admitting today was great. If you're hung up on nostalgia, pretend today is yesterday and just go out and have one hell of a time. -Art Buchwald": 2, "Talent alone won't make you a success. Neither will being in the right place at the right time, unless you are ready. The most important question is: 'Are you ready?' -Johnny Carson": 1, 'Reason and judgment are the qualities of a leader. -Tacitus': 1, "Everybody can be great... because anybody can serve. You don't have to have a college degree to serve. You don't have to make your subject and verb agree to serve. You only need a heart full of grace. A soul generated by love. -Martin Luther King Jr.": 3, "I had a dream the other night. I dreamed that Jimmy Carter came to me and asked why I wanted his job. I told him I didn't want his job. I want to be President. -Ronald Reagan": 1, 'A journey of a thousand miles begins with a single step. -Confucius': 3, 'There is hardly a political question in the United States which does not sooner or later turn into a judicial one. -Alexis de Tocqueville': 2, 'For each illness that doctors cure with medicine, they provoke ten in healthy people by inoculating them with the virus that is a thousand times more powerful than any microbe: the idea that one is ill. -Marcel Proust': 1, 'Bashfulness is an ornament to youth, but a reproach to old age. -Aristotle': 1, 'When nothing seems to help, I go and look at a stonecutter hammering away at his rock perhaps a hundred times without as much as a crack showing in it. Yet at the hundred and first blow it will split in two, and I know it was not that blow that did it, but all that had gone before. -Jacob August Riis': 3, 'For a time, at least, I was the most famous person in the entire world. -Jesse Owens': 1, 'I believe one of the reasons so many do not get a higher education is the fear of their parents that they will lose more morally than they will receive mentally. -William Jennings Bryan': 1, "A 'geek' by definition is someone who eats live animals....I've never eaten live animals. -Crispin Glover": 1, 'Painting is just another way of keeping a diary. -Pablo Picasso': 1, 'Women need a reason to have sex -- men just need a place. -Billy Crystal': 2, "A mathematician is a blind man in a dark room looking for a black cat which isn't there. -Charles Robert": 4, 'Christmas can be celebrated in the school room with pine trees, tinsel and reindeers, but there must be no mention of the man whose birthday is being celebrated. One wonders how a teacher would answer if a student asked why it was called Christmas. -Ronald Reagan': 2, "Christmas is a time when you get homesick, even when you're home. -Carol Nelson": 1, "You know, there's a million fine looking women in the world, dude. But they don't all bring you lasagna at work. Most of 'em just cheat on you. -Kevin Smith": 1, 'The aging process has you firmly in its grasp if you never get the urge to throw a snowball. -Doug Larson': 1, 'Why, you can take the most gallant sailor, the most intrepid airman or the most audacious soldier, put them at a table together - what do you get? The sum of their fears. -Winston Churchill': 1, "Nothing is wrong with Southern California that a rise in the ocean level wouldn't cure. -Kenneth Millar": 1, 'A single death is a tragedy; a million deaths is a statistic. -Joseph Stalin': 4, "If you're in a boxing match, try not to let the other guy's glove touch your lips, because you don't know where that glove has been. -Jack Handey": 1, "A nickel isn't worth a dime today. -Yogi Berra": 2, 'A good novel tells us the truth about its hero; but a bad novel tells us the truth about its author. -GK Chesterton': 2, "Many a man's reputation would not know his character if they met on the street. -Elbert Hubbard": 1, 'The least of things with a meaning is worth more in life than the greatest of things without it. -Carl Jung': 1, 'Men marry to make an end; women to make a beginning. -Alexis Dupuy': 1, 'Anyone who has never made a mistake has never tried anything new. -Albert Einstein': 1, 'Not only is there no God, but try finding a plumber on Sunday. -Woody Allen': 1, 'America is the only country ever founded on a creed. -GK Chesterton': 1, "Sex without love is a meaningless experience, but as far as meaningless experiences go, it's pretty damn good. -Woody Allen": 1, "The days of looking the other way while despotic regimes trample human rights, rob their nations' wealth, and then excuse their failings by feeding their people a steady diet of anti-Western hatred are over. -Dick Cheney": 1, 'In politics, an organized minority is a political majority. -Jesse Jackson': 1, "Ah, yes, divorce...from the Latin word meaning to rip out a man's genitals through his wallet. -Robin Williams": 1, 'A brain has to digest its food, too. -Jason Mechalek': 1, 'America did not invent human rights. In a very real sense...human rights invented America. -Jimmy Carter': 1, 'The fool doth think he is wise, but the wise man knows himself to be a fool. -William Shakespeare': 1, 'Television is a medium of entertainment which permits millions of people to listen to the same joke at the same time, and yet remain lonesome. -T.S. Eliot': 1} 
shortcomings {'Freedom is the right to question and change the established way of doing things. It is the continuous revolution of the marketplace. It is the understanding that allows us to recognize shortcomings and seek solutions. -Ronald Reagan': 1} 
short {'I made this letter longer than usual because I lack the time to make it short. -Blaise Pascal': 1, 'Patriotism is not short, frenzied outbursts of emotion, but the tranquil and steady dedication of a lifetime. -Adlai Stevenson': 1, 'When the human race has once acquired a supersitition nothing short of death is ever likely to remove it. -Mark Twain': 1} 
crowded {'Back in the old days, most families were close-knit. Grown children and their parents continued to live together, under the same roof, sometimes in the same small, crowded room, year in and year out, until they died, frequently by strangulation. -Dave Barry': 1} 
generalizations {"I realise that I'm making gender-based generalizations here, but my feeling is that if God did not want us to make gender-based generalizations, She would not have given us genders. -Dave Barry": 2} 
author {"Every author should weigh his work and ask, 'Will humanity gain any benefit from it?' -Nachman of Bratslav": 1, 'A good novel tells us the truth about its hero; but a bad novel tells us the truth about its author. -GK Chesterton': 1} 
eats {"A 'geek' by definition is someone who eats live animals....I've never eaten live animals. -Crispin Glover": 1} 
throws {'Not only does God play dice, but he sometimes throws them where they cannot be seen. -Stephen Hawking': 1} 
responsibility {'The price of greatness is responsibility. -Winston Churchill': 1, 'In the long run, we shape our lives and we shape ourselves. The process never ends until we die, and the choices that we make are ultimately our responsibility. -Eleanor Roosevelt': 1} 
dread {"We all wish to be judged by our peers, by the men 'after our own heart.' Only they really know our mind and only they judge it by standards we fully acknowledge. Theirs is the praise we really covet and the blame we really dread. The little pockets of early Chrstians survived because they cared exclusively for the love of 'the bretheren' and stopped their ears to the opinion of the Pagan society around them. But a circle of criminals, cranks, or perverts survives in just the same way; by becoming deaf to the opinion of the outer world, by discounting it as the chatter of outsiders who 'don't understand,' of the 'conventional,' the 'bourgeois,' the 'Establishment,' of prigs, prudes, and humbugs. -C.S. Lewis": 1} 
fundamental {'Let us now set forth one of the fundamental truths about marriage: the wife is in charge. -Bill Cosby': 1} 
banks {'Let the river roll which way it will, cities will rise on its banks. -Ralph Waldo Emerson': 1} 
pleasure {'Serious sport has nothing to do with fair play. It is bound up with hatred, jealousy, boastfulness, disregard of all rules and sadistic pleasure in witnessing violence. In other words: it is war minus the shooting. -George Orwell': 1, 'The greatest pleasure of life is love. -William Temple': 1, 'The surest way of spoiling a pleasure is to start examining your satisfaction. -C.S. Lewis': 1} 
dream {'My dream is of a place and a time where America will once again be seen as the last best hope of earth. -Abraham Lincoln': 1, "I had a dream the other night. I dreamed that Jimmy Carter came to me and asked why I wanted his job. I told him I didn't want his job. I want to be President. -Ronald Reagan": 1, 'You are never too old to set another goal or to dream a new dream. -C.S. Lewis': 2} 
jacques rousseau {'To write a good love letter, you ought to begin without knowing what you mean to say and to finish without knowing what you have written. -Jean-Jacques Rousseau': 1} 
stanley kubrick {'People can misinterpret almost anything so that it coincides with views they already hold. They take from art what they already believe. -Stanley Kubrick': 1, 'The great nations have always acted like gangsters, and the small nations like prostitutes. -Stanley Kubrick': 1} 
thomas sowell {"Those who are preoccupied with 'making a statement' usually don't have any statements worth making. -Thomas Sowell": 1, 'Egalitarians create the most dangerous inequality of all -- inequality of power. Allowing politicians to determine what all other human beings will be allowed to earn is one of the most reckless gambles imaginable. Like the income tax, it may start off being applied only to the rich but it will inevitably reach us all. -Thomas Sowell': 1} 
help {'That the innocent, though they may have some connexion or dependency upon the guilty (which, perhaps, they themselves cannot help), should not, upon that account, suffer or be punished for the guilty, is one of the plainest and most obvious rules of justice. -Adam Smith': 1, "God help the man who won't marry until he finds a perfect woman, and God help him still more if he finds her. -Benjamin Tillet": 2, 'There are painters who transform the sun to a yellow spot, but there are others who with the help of their art and their intelligence, transform a yellow spot into the sun. -Pablo Picasso': 1, 'When nothing seems to help, I go and look at a stonecutter hammering away at his rock perhaps a hundred times without as much as a crack showing in it. Yet at the hundred and first blow it will split in two, and I know it was not that blow that did it, but all that had gone before. -Jacob August Riis': 1, 'Money can help you to get medicines but not health. Money can help you to get soft pillows, but not sound sleep. Money can help you to get material comforts, but not eternal bliss. Money can help you to get ornaments, but not beauty. Money will help you to get an electric earphone, but not natural hearing. Attain the supreme wealth, wisdom, and you will have everything. -Benjamin Franklin': 5, 'If we do not help a man in trouble, it is as if we caused the trouble. -Nachman of Bratslav': 1} 
don't {"Don't walk in front of me, I may not follow. Don't walk behind me, I may not lead. Just walk beside me and be my friend. -Albert Camus": 2, "I planted some bird seed. A bird came up. Now I don't know what to feed it. -Steven Wright": 1, "Don't go around saying the world owes you a living. The world owes you nothing. It was here first. -Mark Twain": 1, "Of course I don't believe in it. But I understand that it brings you luck whether you believe in it or not. -Niels Bohr": 1, "Everybody can be great... because anybody can serve. You don't have to have a college degree to serve. You don't have to make your subject and verb agree to serve. You only need a heart full of grace. A soul generated by love. -Martin Luther King Jr.": 2, "Don't marry a man to reform him - that's what reform schools are for. -Mae West": 1, "Don't take life too seriously; you'll never get out of it alive. -Elbert Hubbard": 1, "It ain't what you don't know that gets you into trouble. It's what you know for sure that just ain't so. -Mark Twain": 1, "You don't take a photograph, you make it. -Ansel Adams": 1, "Never continue in a job you don't enjoy. If you're happy in what you're doing, you'll like yourself, you'll have inner peace. And if you have that, along with physical health, you will have had more success than you could possibly have imagined. -Johnny Carson": 1, "You don't have to stay up nights to succeed; you have to stay awake days. -Author Unknown": 1, "Don't let people drive you crazy when you know it's in walking distance. -Author Unknown": 1, "I love argument, I love debate. I don't expect anyone just to sit there and agree with me, that's not their job. -Margaret Thatcher": 1, "Those who are preoccupied with 'making a statement' usually don't have any statements worth making. -Thomas Sowell": 1, "What I don't like about office Christmas parties is looking for a job the next day. -Phyllis Diller": 1, "If your kid makes one of those little homemade guitars out of a cigar box and rubber bands, don't let him just play it once or twice and then throw it away. Make him practice on it, every day, for about three hours a day. Later, he'll thank you. -Jack Handey": 1, "I don't work according to nature, but infront and together with it. An artist must observe the nature, but never confuse it with the art. -Pablo Picasso": 1, "We seem to be going through a period of nostalgia, and everyone seems to think yesterday was better than today. I don't think it was, and I would advise you not to wait ten years before admitting today was great. If you're hung up on nostalgia, pretend today is yesterday and just go out and have one hell of a time. -Art Buchwald": 1, "I'm never going to be famous. My name will never be writ large on the roster of Those Who Do Things. I don't do any thing. Not one single thing. I used to bite my nails, but I don't even do that any more. -Dorothy Parker": 2, "Don't join the book burners. Do not think you are going to conceal thoughts by concealing evidence that they ever existed. -Dwight Eisenhower": 1, "We all wish to be judged by our peers, by the men 'after our own heart.' Only they really know our mind and only they judge it by standards we fully acknowledge. Theirs is the praise we really covet and the blame we really dread. The little pockets of early Chrstians survived because they cared exclusively for the love of 'the bretheren' and stopped their ears to the opinion of the Pagan society around them. But a circle of criminals, cranks, or perverts survives in just the same way; by becoming deaf to the opinion of the outer world, by discounting it as the chatter of outsiders who 'don't understand,' of the 'conventional,' the 'bourgeois,' the 'Establishment,' of prigs, prudes, and humbugs. -C.S. Lewis": 1, "Don't ever take a fence down until you know why it was put up. -Robert Frost": 1, "Having someone wonder where you are when you don't come home at night is a very old human need. -Margaret Mead": 1, "Don't worry about the world coming to an end today. It's already tomorrow in Australia. -Charles Schulz": 1, "I have come to the conclusion that my subjective account of my motivation is largely mythical on almost all occasions. I don't know why I do things. -J.B.S. Haldane": 1, "Don't knock the weather; nine-tenths of the people couldn't start a conversation if it didn't change once in a while. -Kin Hubbard": 1, "You got to be very careful if you don't know where you're going, because you might not get there. -Yogi Berra": 1, "I don't always know what I'm talking about but I know I'm right. -Muhammad Ali": 1, "The movie's director is the pilot. It's his vision. For an actor, the time to worry about flying is when you're on the ground. If you don't want to fly with the director, don't get on the plane. -Denzel Washington": 2, "You know, there's a million fine looking women in the world, dude. But they don't all bring you lasagna at work. Most of 'em just cheat on you. -Kevin Smith": 1, "The only way to keep your health is to eat what you don't want, drink what you don't like, and do what you'd rather not. -Mark Twain": 2, "I don't care what is written about me, so long as it isn't true. -Dorothy Parker": 1, "I don't make jokes. I just watch the government and report the facts. -Will Rogers": 1, "It is a good idea to ''shop around'' before you settle on a doctor. Ask about the condition of his Mercedes. Ask about the competence of his mechanic. Don't be shy! After all, you're paying for it. -Dave Barry": 1, "Mothers all want their sons to grow up to be president, but they don't want them to become politicians in the process. -John F. Kennedy": 1, "Don't ask God to change the laws of nature for you. -Nachman of Bratslav": 1, "If you're in a boxing match, try not to let the other guy's glove touch your lips, because you don't know where that glove has been. -Jack Handey": 1} 
administration {'Perhaps one of the most important accomplishments of my administration has been minding my own business. -Calvin Coolidge': 1} 
soon {"How did it get so late so soon? It's night before it's afternoon. December is here before it's June. My goodness how the time has flewn. How did it get so late so soon? -Theodor Seuss Geisel": 2, "Life's Tragedy is that we get old to soon and wise too late. -Benjamin Franklin": 1, 'A people that values its privileges above its principles soon loses both. -Dwight Eisenhower': 1, 'As soon as one is unhappy one becomes moral. -Marcel Proust': 1} 
trade {'Advertising is the life of trade. -Calvin Coolidge': 1} 
held {'Just as your hand, held before the eye, can hide the tallest mountain, so this small earthly life keeps us from seeing the vast radiance that fills the core of the universe. -Nachman of Bratslav': 1, 'America is not like a blanket: one piece of unbroken cloth, the same color, the same texture, the same size. America is more like a quilt: many patches, many pieces, many colors, many sizes, all woven and held together by a common thread. -Jesse Jackson': 1, 'The laws of gravity cannot be held responsible for people falling in love. -Albert Einstein': 1} 
attitude {'Certain thoughts are prayers. There are moments when, whatever be the attitude of the body, the soul is on its knees. -Victor Hugo': 1, 'Forgiveness is not an occasional act: it is a permanent attitude. -Martin Luther King Jr.': 1, 'Our attitude towards others determines their attitude towards us. -Earl Nightingale': 2} 
organize {'Our nettlesome task is to discover how to organize our strength into compelling power. -Martin Luther King Jr.': 1} 
through {'No sooner do we depart from sense and instinct to follow reason but we are insensibly drawn into uncouth paradoxes, difficulties, and inconsistencies, which multiply and grow upon us as we advance in speculation; till at length, having wandered through many intricate mazes, we find ourselves just where we were, or, which is worse, sit down in a forlorn scepticism. -George Berkeley': 1, "We seem to be going through a period of nostalgia, and everyone seems to think yesterday was better than today. I don't think it was, and I would advise you not to wait ten years before admitting today was great. If you're hung up on nostalgia, pretend today is yesterday and just go out and have one hell of a time. -Art Buchwald": 1, 'Through pride we are ever deceiving ourselves. But deep down below the surface of the average conscience a still, small voice says to us, something is out of tune. -Carl Jung': 1, "You cannot go on 'explaining away' for ever: you will find that you have explained explanation itself away. You cannot go on 'seeing through' things for ever. The whole point of seeing through something is to see something through it. -C.S. Lewis": 3, 'Those who forget good and evil and seek only to know the facts are more likely to achieve good than those who view the world through the distorting medium of their own desires. -Bertrand Russell': 1, "When you're through changing, you're through. -Bruce Barton": 2, "Ah, yes, divorce...from the Latin word meaning to rip out a man's genitals through his wallet. -Robin Williams": 1, 'The surface of American society is covered with a layer of democratic paint, but from time to time one can see the old aristocratic colours breaking through. -Alexis de Tocqueville': 1, 'The leading cause of death among fashion models is falling through street grates. -Dave Barry': 1} 
committed {'Avoid the base hypocrisy of condemning in one man what you pass over in silence when committed by another. -Theodore Roosevelt': 1, 'Errors of haste are seldom committed singly. The first time a man always does too much. And precisely on that account he commits a second error, and then he does too little. -Friedrich Nietzsche': 1} 
bric {'The mind of the thoroughly well-informed man is a dreadful thing. It is like a bric-\xe0-brac shop, all monsters and dust, with everything priced above its proper value. -Oscar Wilde': 1} 
hell {"We seem to be going through a period of nostalgia, and everyone seems to think yesterday was better than today. I don't think it was, and I would advise you not to wait ten years before admitting today was great. If you're hung up on nostalgia, pretend today is yesterday and just go out and have one hell of a time. -Art Buchwald": 1, 'There is wishful thinking in Hell as well as on Earth. -C.S. Lewis': 1, "Ever notice that 'what the hell' is always the right decision? -Marilyn Monroe": 1, 'Parting is all we know of heaven and all we need to know of hell. -Emily Dickinson': 1} 
suffer {'That the innocent, though they may have some connexion or dependency upon the guilty (which, perhaps, they themselves cannot help), should not, upon that account, suffer or be punished for the guilty, is one of the plainest and most obvious rules of justice. -Adam Smith': 1, 'He therefore is the truest friend to the liberty of this country who tries most to promote its virtue, and who, so far as his power and influence extend, will not suffer a man to be chosen into any office of power and trust who is not a wise and virtuous man. -Samuel Adams': 1} 
its {'No passion so effectually robs the mind of all its powers of acting and reasoning as fear. -Edmund Burke': 1, 'The mind of the thoroughly well-informed man is a dreadful thing. It is like a bric-\xe0-brac shop, all monsters and dust, with everything priced above its proper value. -Oscar Wilde': 1, 'No nation keeps its word. A nation is a big, blind worm, following what? Fate perhaps. A nation has no honor, it has no word to keep. -Carl Jung': 1, 'The Nation which indulges toward another an habitual hatred or an habitual fondness is in some degree a slave. It is a slave to its animosity or to its affection, either of which is sufficient to lead it astray from its duty and its interest. -George Washington': 4, 'I hate war as only a soldier who has lived it can, only as one who has seen its brutality, its futility, its stupidity. -Dwight Eisenhower': 3, 'Let the river roll which way it will, cities will rise on its banks. -Ralph Waldo Emerson': 1, 'Certain thoughts are prayers. There are moments when, whatever be the attitude of the body, the soul is on its knees. -Victor Hugo': 1, 'The last thing a political party gives up is its vocabulary. -Alexis de Tocqueville': 1, 'Reason is experimental intelligence, conceived after the pattern of science, and used in the creation of social arts; it has something to do. It liberates man from the bondage of the past, due to ignorance and accident hardened into custom. It projects a better future and assists man in its realization. -John Dewey': 1, 'Genius may have its limitations, but stupidity is not thus handicapped. -Elbert Hubbard': 1, 'To be a philosopher is not merely to have subtle thoughts; but so to love wisdom as to live according to its dictates. -Henry Thoreau': 1, 'Death is psychologically as important as birth. Shrinking away from it is something unhealthy and abnormal which robs the second half of life of its purpose. -Carl Jung': 1, "Unless the religious claims of the Bible are again acknowledged, its literary claims will, I think, be given only 'mouth honour' and that decreasingly. -C.S. Lewis": 1, 'A powerful idea communicates some of its strength to him who challenges it. -Marcel Proust': 1, 'He therefore is the truest friend to the liberty of this country who tries most to promote its virtue, and who, so far as his power and influence extend, will not suffer a man to be chosen into any office of power and trust who is not a wise and virtuous man. -Samuel Adams': 1, 'Some of your countrymen were unable to distinguish between their native dislike for war and the stainless patriotism of those who suffered its scars. But there has been a rethinking and now we can say to you, and say as a nation, thank you for your courage. -Ronald Reagan': 1, 'The heart has its reasons, of which the mind knows nothing. -Blaise Pascal': 1, "Of all tyrannies, a tyranny exercised for the good of its victims may be the most oppressive. It may be better to live under robber barons than under omnipotent moral busybodies. The robber baron's cruelty may sometimes sleep, his cupidity may at some point be satiated; but those who torment us for our own good will torment us without end, for they do so with the approval of their own conscience. -C.S. Lewis": 1, 'A mind that is stretched by a new experience can never go back to its old dimensions. -Oliver Wendell Holmes': 1, 'There is one thing alone that stands the brunt of life throughout its course: a quiet conscience. -Euripides': 1, "Money never made a man happy yet, nor will it. There is nothing in its nature to produce happiness. The more a man has, the more he wants. Instead of its filling a vacuum, it makes one. If it satisfies one want, it doubles and trebles that want another way. That was a true proverb of the wise man, rely upon it; ''Better is little with the fear of the Lord, than great treasure, and trouble therewith. -Benjamin Franklin": 2, 'When I took office, only high energy physicists had ever heard of what is called the Worldwide Web....now even my cat has its own page. -Bill Clinton': 1, 'The difference between genius and stupidity is that genius has its limits. -Albert Einstein': 1, 'Time is a great teacher, but unfortunately it kills all its pupils. -Louis Hector Berlioz': 1, 'Peace is its own reward. -Mahatma Gandhi': 1, 'The aging process has you firmly in its grasp if you never get the urge to throw a snowball. -Doug Larson': 1, 'A people that values its privileges above its principles soon loses both. -Dwight Eisenhower': 2, 'True patriotism hates injustice in its own land more than anywhere else. -Clarence Darrow': 1, 'Slang is the language which takes off its coat, spits on its hands - and goes to work. -Carl Sandburg': 2, 'A good novel tells us the truth about its hero; but a bad novel tells us the truth about its author. -GK Chesterton': 2, 'The nation which forgets its defenders will be itself forgotten. -Calvin Coolidge': 1, 'Never judge a philosophy by its abuse. -Saint Augustine': 1, 'A brain has to digest its food, too. -Jason Mechalek': 1, 'We ascribe beauty to that which is simple; which has no superfluous parts; which exactly answers its end; which stands related to all things; which is the mean of many extremes. -Ralph Waldo Emerson': 1} 
unhealthy {'Death is psychologically as important as birth. Shrinking away from it is something unhealthy and abnormal which robs the second half of life of its purpose. -Carl Jung': 1} 
martin luther king jr. {"Life's most persistent and urgent question is, 'What are you doing for others?' -Martin Luther King Jr.": 1, 'Every man must decide whether he will walk in the light of creative altruism or in the darkness of destructive selfishness. -Martin Luther King Jr.': 1, 'Religion operates not only on the vertical plane but also on the horizontal. It seeks not only to integrate men with God but to integrate men with men and each man with himself. -Martin Luther King Jr.': 1, 'If a man is called to be a streetsweeper, he should sweep streets even as Michelangelo painted, or Beethoven composed music, or Shakespeare wrote poetry. He should sweep streets so well that all the host of heaven and earth will pause to say, here lived a great streetsweeper who did his job well. -Martin Luther King Jr.': 1, 'Returning violence for violence multiplies violence, adding deeper darkness to a night already devoid of stars. -Martin Luther King Jr.': 1, 'A right delayed is a right denied. -Martin Luther King Jr.': 1, 'Forgiveness is not an occasional act: it is a permanent attitude. -Martin Luther King Jr.': 1, "Everybody can be great... because anybody can serve. You don't have to have a college degree to serve. You don't have to make your subject and verb agree to serve. You only need a heart full of grace. A soul generated by love. -Martin Luther King Jr.": 1, 'Our nettlesome task is to discover how to organize our strength into compelling power. -Martin Luther King Jr.': 1, "I just want to do God's will. -Martin Luther King Jr.": 1, 'Nothing in the world is more dangerous than sincere ignorance and conscientious stupidity. -Martin Luther King Jr.': 1, 'From the prodigious hilltops of New Hampshire, let freedom ring. From the mighty mountains of New York, let freedom ring. From the heightening Alleghenies of Pennsylvania, let freedom ring. But not only that: Let freedom ring from every hill and molehill of Mississippi. -Martin Luther King Jr.': 1, 'Whatever affects one directly, affects all indirectly. I can never be what I ought to be until you are what you ought to be. This is the interrelated structure of reality. -Martin Luther King Jr.': 1, 'Freedom is never voluntarily given by the oppressor; it must be demanded by the oppressed. -Martin Luther King Jr.': 1} 
member {'Cooking was invented in prehistoric times, when a primitive tribe had a lucky accident. The tribe had killed an animal and was going to eat it raw, when a tribe member named Woog tripped and dropped it into the fire. At first the other tribe members were angry at Woog, but then, as the aroma of burning meat filled the air, they had an idea. So they ate Woog raw. -Dave Barry': 1, 'I would not join any club that would have someone like me for a member. -Groucho Marx': 1} 
fretting {'If God had wanted us to spend our time fretting about the problems of home ownership, He would never have invented beer. -Dave Barry': 1} 
consent {'No one can make you feel inferior without your consent. -Eleanor Roosevelt': 1} 
pray {'Intoxicated with unbroken success, we have become too self-sufficient to feel the necessity of redeeming and preserving grace, too proud to pray to the God that made us. -Abraham Lincoln': 1} 
wishful {'There is wishful thinking in Hell as well as on Earth. -C.S. Lewis': 1} 
late {"How did it get so late so soon? It's night before it's afternoon. December is here before it's June. My goodness how the time has flewn. How did it get so late so soon? -Theodor Seuss Geisel": 2, "Life's Tragedy is that we get old to soon and wise too late. -Benjamin Franklin": 1, 'I never knew what real happiness was until I got married, and by then it was too late. -Max Kaufman': 1, 'My formula for success is rise early, work late, and strike oil. -Paul Getty': 1, 'There is no question that there is an unseen world. The problem is, how far is it from midtown and how late is it open? -Woody Allen': 1} 
thomas aquinas {'To one who has faith, no explanation is necessary. To one without faith, no explanation is possible. -Thomas Aquinas': 1, 'If the primary aim of a captain were to preserve his ship, he would keep it in port forever. -Thomas Aquinas': 1} 
absence {'I dote on his very absence. -William Shakespeare': 1} 
george burns {'Sex at age ninety is like trying to shoot pool with a rope. -George Burns': 1, "When you stop giving and offering something to the rest of the world, it's time to turn out the lights. -George Burns": 1, 'I honestly think it is better to be a failure at something you love than to be a success at something you hate. -George Burns': 1} 
saint augustine {'Patience is the companion of wisdom. -Saint Augustine': 1, 'Indeed, man wishes to be happy even when he so lives as to make happiness impossible. -Saint Augustine': 1, 'God loves each of us as if there were only one of us. -Saint Augustine': 1, 'Humility is the foundation of all the other virtues hence, in the soul in which this virtue does not exist there cannot be any other virtue except in mere appearance. -Saint Augustine': 1, 'God does not give heed to the ambitiousness of our prayers, because he is always ready to give to us his light, not a visible light but an intellectual and spiritual one; but we are not always ready to receive it when we turn aside and down to other things out of a desire for temporal things. -Saint Augustine': 1, 'Never judge a philosophy by its abuse. -Saint Augustine': 1, 'Since love grows within you, so beauty grows. For love is the beauty of the soul. -Saint Augustine': 1} 
founders {'Let us not forget that the cultivation of the earth is the most important labor of man. When tillage begins, other arts will follow. The farmers, therefore, are the founders of civilization. -Daniel Webster': 1} 
speech {'Well-timed silence hath more eloquence than speech. -Martin Farquhar Tupper': 1, 'It is by the goodness of God that, in this country, we have three benefits: freedom of speech, freedom of thought, and the wisdom never to use either. -Mark Twain': 1} 
might {'Never give in--never, never, never, never, in nothing great or small, large or petty, never give in except to convictions of honour and good sense. Never yield to force; never yield to the apparently overwhelming might of the enemy. -Winston Churchill': 1, 'There is no strength in unbelief. Even the unbelief of what is false is no source of might. It is the truth shining from behind that gives the strength to disbelieve. -George MacDonald': 1, 'Let us have faith that right makes might, and in that faith, let us, to the end, dare to do our duty as we understand it. -Abraham Lincoln': 1, "You got to be very careful if you don't know where you're going, because you might not get there. -Yogi Berra": 1, "To be wise and love exceeds man's might. -William Shakespeare": 1} 
haven't {"I didn't come to Washington to be loved and I haven't been disappointed. -Philip L. Gramm": 1} 
fool {'The first principle is that you must not fool yourself - and you are the easiest person to fool. -Richard P. Feynman': 2, 'The fool doth think he is wise, but the wise man knows himself to be a fool. -William Shakespeare': 2, 'It is better to keep your mouth closed and let people think you are a fool than to open it and remove all doubt. -Mark Twain': 1, 'Love is the wisdom of the fool and the folly of the wise. -Samuel Johnson': 1, 'Every year, back comes Spring, with nasty little birds yapping their fool heads off and the ground all mucked up with plants. -Dorothy Parker': 1} 
good {'There is only one rule for being a good talker - learn to listen. -Christopher Morley': 1, "Science is not about building a body of known 'facts'. It is a method for asking awkward questions and subjecting them to a reality-check, thus avoiding the human tendency to believe whatever makes us feel good. -Terry Pratchett": 1, "Associate yourself with men of good quality if you esteem your own reputation; for 'tis better to be alone than in bad company. -George Washington": 1, 'To write a good love letter, you ought to begin without knowing what you mean to say and to finish without knowing what you have written. -Jean-Jacques Rousseau': 1, "When I see a play and understand it the first time, then I know it can't be much good. -T.S. Eliot": 1, 'I have one yardstick by which I test every major problem-and that yardstick is: Is it good for America? -Dwight Eisenhower': 1, 'Humility is no substitute for a good personality. -Fran Lebowitz': 1, 'All good art is about something deeper than it admits. -Roger Ebert': 1, 'The man who does not read good books has no advantage over the man who cannot read them. -Mark Twain': 1, 'I arrive at the end of this review having done my duty as a critic. I have described the movie accurately and you have a good idea what you are in for if you go to see it. Most of you will not. I cannot argue with you. Some of you will--the brave and the curious. You embody the spirit of the man who first wondered what it would taste like to eat an oyster. -Roger Ebert': 1, "Accept good advice gracefully--as long as it doesn't interfere with what you intended to do in the first place. -Gene Brown": 1, 'There are several good protections against temptation, but the surest is cowardice. -Mark Twain': 1, 'Diligence is the mother of good luck. -Benjamin Franklin': 1, "To me, it's always a good idea to always carry two sacks of something when you walk around. That way, if anybody says, 'Hey, can you give me a hand?,' you can say, 'Sorry, got these sacks.' -Jack Handey": 1, 'There are three ingredients in the good life: learning, earning and yearning. -Christopher Morley': 1, 'Man [has] always assumed that he was more intelligent than dolphins because he had achieved so much-the wheel, New York, wars and so on-while all the dolphins had ever done was muck about in the water having a good time. But conversely, the dolphins had always believed that they were far more intelligent than man-for precisely the same reason. -Douglas Adams': 1, "Of all tyrannies, a tyranny exercised for the good of its victims may be the most oppressive. It may be better to live under robber barons than under omnipotent moral busybodies. The robber baron's cruelty may sometimes sleep, his cupidity may at some point be satiated; but those who torment us for our own good will torment us without end, for they do so with the approval of their own conscience. -C.S. Lewis": 2, 'It is only our bad temper that we put down to being tired or worried or hungry; we put our good temper down to ourselves. -C.S. Lewis': 1, 'There are men in all ages who mean to govern well, but they mean to govern. They promise to be good masters, but they mean to be masters. -Daniel Webster': 1, 'Good manners will open doors that the best education cannot. -Clarence Thomas': 1, "It is necessary for the welfare of society that genius should be privileged to utter sedition, to blaspheme, to outrage good taste, to corrupt the youthful mind, and generally to scandalize one's uncles. -George Bernard Shaw": 1, 'A Native American elder once described his own inner struggles in this manner: Inside of me there are two dogs. One of the dogs is mean and evil. The other dog is good. The mean dog fights the good dog all the time. When asked which dog wins, he reflected. -George Bernard Shaw': 2, 'Never give in--never, never, never, never, in nothing great or small, large or petty, never give in except to convictions of honour and good sense. Never yield to force; never yield to the apparently overwhelming might of the enemy. -Winston Churchill': 1, 'The good thing about being bisexual is that it doubles your chance of a date on a Saturday night. -Woody Allen': 1, "I think a good gift for the president would be a chocolate revolver. And since he's so busy, you'd probably have to run up to him and hand it to him. -Jack Handey": 1, "What sunshine is to flowers, smiles are to humanity. These are but trifles, to be sure; but scattered along life's pathway, the good they do is inconceivable. -Joseph Addison": 1, 'Anger is never without an argument, but seldom with a good one. -George Savile': 1, 'A good novel tells us the truth about its hero; but a bad novel tells us the truth about its author. -GK Chesterton': 1, 'Hanging is too good for a man who makes puns -- he should be drawn and quoted. -Fred Allen': 1, "It is a good idea to ''shop around'' before you settle on a doctor. Ask about the condition of his Mercedes. Ask about the competence of his mechanic. Don't be shy! After all, you're paying for it. -Dave Barry": 1, 'Those who forget good and evil and seek only to know the facts are more likely to achieve good than those who view the world through the distorting medium of their own desires. -Bertrand Russell': 2, "Sex without love is a meaningless experience, but as far as meaningless experiences go, it's pretty damn good. -Woody Allen": 1, 'Do good by stealth, and blush to find it fame. -Alexander Pope': 1} 
somebody {'Grief can take care of itself, but to get the full value of joy you must have somebody to divide it with. -Mark Twain': 1, 'No easy problem ever comes to the President of the United States. If they are easy to solve, somebody else has solved them. -John F. Kennedy': 1, 'One definition of an economist is somebody who sees something happen in practice and wonders if it will work in theory. -Ronald Reagan': 1} 
calm {'He who is of calm and happy nature will hardly feel the pressure of age, but to him who is of an opposite disposition youth and age are equally a burden. -Plato': 1} 
severely {'The act of policing is, in order to punish less often, to punish more severely. -Napoleon Bonaparte': 1} 
food {'Fame is a fickle food upon a shifting plate. -Emily Dickinson': 1, 'Such is the delicacy of man alone, that no object is produced to his liking. He finds that in everything there is need for improvement. The whole industry of human life is employed not in procuring the supply of our three humble necessities, food, clothes and lodging, but in procuring the conveniences of it according to the nicety and delicacy of our tastes. -Adam Smith': 1, 'A brain has to digest its food, too. -Jason Mechalek': 1, 'If music be the food of love, play on. -William Shakespeare': 1} 
jack's {"If Jack's in love, he's no judge of Jill's beauty. -Benjamin Franklin": 1} 
john greenleaf whittier {"God's colors all are fast. -John Greenleaf Whittier": 1} 
eat {"The only way to keep your health is to eat what you don't want, drink what you don't like, and do what you'd rather not. -Mark Twain": 1, 'Cooking was invented in prehistoric times, when a primitive tribe had a lucky accident. The tribe had killed an animal and was going to eat it raw, when a tribe member named Woog tripped and dropped it into the fire. At first the other tribe members were angry at Woog, but then, as the aroma of burning meat filled the air, they had an idea. So they ate Woog raw. -Dave Barry': 1, 'I arrive at the end of this review having done my duty as a critic. I have described the movie accurately and you have a good idea what you are in for if you go to see it. Most of you will not. I cannot argue with you. Some of you will--the brave and the curious. You embody the spirit of the man who first wondered what it would taste like to eat an oyster. -Roger Ebert': 1} 
snowball {'The aging process has you firmly in its grasp if you never get the urge to throw a snowball. -Doug Larson': 1} 
you've {"I have a hobby...I have the world's largest collection of sea shells. I keep it scattered on beaches all over the world. Maybe you've seen some of it... -Steven Wright": 1, "If you wanna be free, you've gotta accept everything. -Jason Mechalek": 1, "Middle age is when you've met so many people that every new person you meet reminds you of someone else. -Ogden Nash": 1} 
weeds {"What is a wedding? Webster's dictionary defines a wedding as 'the process of removing weeds from one's garden.' -Homer Simpson": 1} 
movie's {"The movie's director is the pilot. It's his vision. For an actor, the time to worry about flying is when you're on the ground. If you don't want to fly with the director, don't get on the plane. -Denzel Washington": 1} 
easily {'On the plus side, death is one of the few things that can be done just as easily lying down. -Woody Allen': 1, 'If you will not fight for the right when you can easily win without bloodshed; if you will not fight when your victory will be sure and not too costly; you may come to the moment when you will have to fight with all the odds against you and only a small chance of survival. There may even be a worse case: you may have to fight when there is no hope of victory, because it is better to perish than to live as slaves. -Winston Churchill': 1, 'In any fairly large and talkative community such as a university there is always the danger that those who think alike should gravitate together where they will henceforth encounter opposition only in the emasculated form of rumour that the outsiders say thus and thus. The absent are easily refuted, complacent dogmatism thrives, and differences of opinion are embittered by the group hostility. Each group hears not the best, but the worst, that the other group can say. -C.S. Lewis': 1} 
mathematician {"A mathematician is a blind man in a dark room looking for a black cat which isn't there. -Charles Robert": 1} 
always {'Humility must always be the portion of any man who receives acclaim earned in blood of his followers and sacrifices of his friends. -Dwight Eisenhower': 1, 'No matter how much cats fight, there always seem to be plenty of kittens. -Abraham Lincoln': 1, "A diplomat is a man who always remembers a woman's birthday but never remembers her age. -Robert Frost": 1, "To me, it's always a good idea to always carry two sacks of something when you walk around. That way, if anybody says, 'Hey, can you give me a hand?,' you can say, 'Sorry, got these sacks.' -Jack Handey": 2, "Ever notice that 'what the hell' is always the right decision? -Marilyn Monroe": 1, 'God does not give heed to the ambitiousness of our prayers, because he is always ready to give to us his light, not a visible light but an intellectual and spiritual one; but we are not always ready to receive it when we turn aside and down to other things out of a desire for temporal things. -Saint Augustine': 2, 'A successful marriage requires falling in love many times, always with the same person. -Germaine Greer': 1, 'It is always thus, impelled by a state of mind which is destined not to last, that we make our irrevocable decisions. -Marcel Proust': 1, 'Errors of haste are seldom committed singly. The first time a man always does too much. And precisely on that account he commits a second error, and then he does too little. -Friedrich Nietzsche': 1, 'As scarce as truth is, the supply has always been in excess of the demand. -Josh Billings': 1, 'Children always understand. They have open minds. They have built-in shit detectors. -Madonna Ciccone': 1, "Why are people's ''deepest desires'' always so shallow? -Author Unknown": 1, 'It is always more difficult to fight against faith than against knowledge. -Adolf Hitler': 1, 'The cost of freedom is always high, but Americans have always paid it. And one path we shall never choose, and that is the path of surrender, or submission. -John F. Kennedy': 2, 'Man [has] always assumed that he was more intelligent than dolphins because he had achieved so much-the wheel, New York, wars and so on-while all the dolphins had ever done was muck about in the water having a good time. But conversely, the dolphins had always believed that they were far more intelligent than man-for precisely the same reason. -Douglas Adams': 2, 'Nothing gives one person so much advantage over another as to remain always cool and unruffled under all circumstances. -Thomas Jefferson': 1, 'The truth is always a trick to those who live among lies. -Author Unknown': 1, 'The great nations have always acted like gangsters, and the small nations like prostitutes. -Stanley Kubrick': 1, 'In politics shared hatreds are almost always the basis of friendships. -Alexis de Tocqueville': 1, 'In any fairly large and talkative community such as a university there is always the danger that those who think alike should gravitate together where they will henceforth encounter opposition only in the emasculated form of rumour that the outsiders say thus and thus. The absent are easily refuted, complacent dogmatism thrives, and differences of opinion are embittered by the group hostility. Each group hears not the best, but the worst, that the other group can say. -C.S. Lewis': 1, 'And what\x92s romance? Usually, a nice little tale where you have everything As You Like It, where rain never wets your jacket and gnats never bite your nose and it\x92s always daisy-time. -D.H. Lawrence': 1, 'Of course the people dont want war...that is understood. But voice or no voice, the people can always be brought to the bidding of the leaders. That is easy. All you have to do is tell them they are being attacked, and denounce the pacifists for lack of patriotism and exposing the country to danger. It works the same in any country. -Hermann Goering': 1, 'Religion to me has always been the wound, not the bandage. -Dennis Potter': 1, 'Men have always been afraid that women could get along without them. -Margaret Mead': 1, 'The ACLU is always yakking about the Constitution, and most of us are getting mighty tired of it. I mean, if the Constitution is so great, how come it was amended so many times? Huh? -Dave Barry': 1, "I don't always know what I'm talking about but I know I'm right. -Muhammad Ali": 1, 'Always leave something to wish for; otherwise you will be miserable from your very happiness. -Baltasar Gracian': 1, 'A government which robs Peter to pay Paul can always depend on the support of Paul. -George Bernard Shaw': 1, 'I always cheer up immensely if an attack is particularly wounding because I think, well, if they attack one personally, it means they have not a single political argument left. -Margaret Thatcher': 1} 
degradation {'This country was built on rape, slavery, murder, degradation and affiliation with crime. -Mike Tyson': 1} 
truths {'Let us now set forth one of the fundamental truths about marriage: the wife is in charge. -Bill Cosby': 1} 
critic {'I arrive at the end of this review having done my duty as a critic. I have described the movie accurately and you have a good idea what you are in for if you go to see it. Most of you will not. I cannot argue with you. Some of you will--the brave and the curious. You embody the spirit of the man who first wondered what it would taste like to eat an oyster. -Roger Ebert': 1, 'It behooves every man to remember that the work of the critic is of altogether secondary importance, and that, in the end, progress is accomplished by the man who does things. -Theodore Roosevelt': 1} 
eloquence {'Well-timed silence hath more eloquence than speech. -Martin Farquhar Tupper': 1} 
robertson davies {'A truly great book should be read in youth, again in maturity and once more in old age, as a fine building should be seen by morning light, at noon and by moonlight. -Robertson Davies': 1} 
inequality {'Egalitarians create the most dangerous inequality of all -- inequality of power. Allowing politicians to determine what all other human beings will be allowed to earn is one of the most reckless gambles imaginable. Like the income tax, it may start off being applied only to the rich but it will inevitably reach us all. -Thomas Sowell': 2} 
stopped {"We all wish to be judged by our peers, by the men 'after our own heart.' Only they really know our mind and only they judge it by standards we fully acknowledge. Theirs is the praise we really covet and the blame we really dread. The little pockets of early Chrstians survived because they cared exclusively for the love of 'the bretheren' and stopped their ears to the opinion of the Pagan society around them. But a circle of criminals, cranks, or perverts survives in just the same way; by becoming deaf to the opinion of the outer world, by discounting it as the chatter of outsiders who 'don't understand,' of the 'conventional,' the 'bourgeois,' the 'Establishment,' of prigs, prudes, and humbugs. -C.S. Lewis": 1} 
thomas paine {'We have it in our power to begin the world over again. -Thomas Paine': 1, 'Those who expect to reap the blessings of freedom must, like men, undergo the fatigue of supporting it. -Thomas Paine': 1, 'He that would make his own liberty secure, must guard even his enemy from opposition; for if he violates this duty he establishes a precedent that will reach himself. -Thomas Paine': 1, "'Tis the business of little minds to shrink, but he whose heart is firm, and whose conscience approves his conduct, will pursue his principles unto death. -Thomas Paine": 1, 'Time makes more converts than reason. -Thomas Paine': 1, 'It is the madness of folly, to expect mercy from those who have refused to do justice; and even mercy, where conquest is the object, is only a trick of war; the cunning of the fox is as murderous as the violence of the wolf. -Thomas Paine': 1, 'My mind is my own church. -Thomas Paine': 1} 
gender {"I realise that I'm making gender-based generalizations here, but my feeling is that if God did not want us to make gender-based generalizations, She would not have given us genders. -Dave Barry": 2, 'We need not just a new generation of leadership but a new gender of leadership. -Bill Clinton': 1} 
found {"The most exciting phrase to hear in science, the one that heralds new discoveries, is not 'Eureka!' (I found it!) but 'That's funny...' -Isaac Asimov": 1} 
fairy {"I think, at a child's birth, if a mother could ask a fairy godmother to endow it with the most useful gift, that gift should be curiosity. -Eleanor Roosevelt": 1} 
hammering {'When nothing seems to help, I go and look at a stonecutter hammering away at his rock perhaps a hundred times without as much as a crack showing in it. Yet at the hundred and first blow it will split in two, and I know it was not that blow that did it, but all that had gone before. -Jacob August Riis': 1} 
friendship {"No distance of place or lapse of time can lessen the friendship of those who are thoroughly persuaded of each other's worth. -Robert Southey": 1, 'No human relation gives one possession in another...every two souls are absolutely different. In friendship and in love, the two side by side raise hands together to find what one cannot reach alone. -Kahlil Gibran': 1, 'Eros will have naked bodies; Friendship naked personalities. -C.S. Lewis': 1, 'Friendship is a single soul dwelling in two bodies. -Aristotle': 1} 
isn't {"A mathematician is a blind man in a dark room looking for a black cat which isn't there. -Charles Robert": 1, "The practice of art isn't to make a living. It's to make your soul grow. -Kurt Vonnegut": 1, "A nickel isn't worth a dime today. -Yogi Berra": 1, "I don't care what is written about me, so long as it isn't true. -Dorothy Parker": 1} 
bashfulness {'Bashfulness is an ornament to youth, but a reproach to old age. -Aristotle': 1} 
harm {'Government consists in nothing else but so controlling subjects that they shall neither be able to, nor have cause to do it harm. -Nicolo Machiavelli': 1} 
everyone {"I told my psychiatrist that everyone hates me. He said I was being ridiculous - everyone hasn't met me yet. -Rodney Dangerfield": 2, 'Everyone is in awe of the lion tamer in a cage with half a dozen lions -- everyone but a school bus driver. -Laurence Peter': 2, "We seem to be going through a period of nostalgia, and everyone seems to think yesterday was better than today. I don't think it was, and I would advise you not to wait ten years before admitting today was great. If you're hung up on nostalgia, pretend today is yesterday and just go out and have one hell of a time. -Art Buchwald": 1, 'The greatness of our country has been based on our thinking that everyone has a right even to be wrong. -Ronald Reagan': 1, 'If all our misfortunes were laid in one common heap, whence everyone must take an equal portion, most people would be content to take their own and depart. -Socrates': 1, 'Guard with jealous attention the public liberty. Suspect everyone who approaches that jewel. -Patrick Henry': 1, 'The biggest bore is the person who is bored by everyone and everything. -Frank Tyger': 1} 
england {'When an American says that he loves his country, he means not only that he loves the New England hills, the prairies glistening in the sun, the wide and rising plains, the great mountains, and the sea. He means that he loves an inner air, an inner light in which freedom lives and in which a man can draw the breath of self-respect. -Adlai Stevenson': 1, "Thus far, the reputed idiot Bush has graduated from Yale and Harvard, made a stack of cash in the oil industry, become the first consecutive-term governor of Texas, defeated a dual-term VP for the presidency, and led his party to [November 5th's] extraordinary triumphs. Let his opponents keep calling him stupid; if they do, within five years Bush will be King of England, the Pope, and world Formula One motor racing champion. -Tim Blair": 1} 
mental {"The statistics on sanity are that one out of every four Americans are suffering from some form of mental illness. Think of your three best friends. If they're okay, then it's you. -Rita Mae Brown": 1, "Most football teams are temperamental. That's 90% temper and 10% mental. -Doug Plank": 1} 
andr gide {'Nothing noble is done without risk. -Andr\xe9 Gide': 1, 'There are very few monsters who warrant the fear we have of them. -Andr\xe9 Gide': 1} 
generation {'We need not just a new generation of leadership but a new gender of leadership. -Bill Clinton': 1, 'Nothing so dates a man as to decry the younger generation. -Adlai Stevenson': 1, 'Let the word go forth from this time and place, to friend and foe alike, that the torch has been passed to a new generation of Americans. -John F. Kennedy': 1} 
house {'You find out more about God from the Moral Law than from the univerise in general just as you find out more about a man by listening to his conversation than by looking at a house he has built. -C.S. Lewis': 1, 'Beauty is all very well at first sight; but whoever looks at it when it has been in the house three days? -George Bernard Shaw': 1, 'Science is facts; just as houses are made of stones, so is science made of facts; but a pile of stones is not a house and a collection of facts is not necessarily science. -Henri Poincare': 1} 
energy {'When I took office, only high energy physicists had ever heard of what is called the Worldwide Web....now even my cat has its own page. -Bill Clinton': 1} 
hard {'I wake each morning torn between the desire to improve the world and the desire to enjoy it. It makes it hard to plan the day. -E.B. White': 1, 'There are no secrets to success. It is the result of preparation, hard work, and learning from failure. -Colin Powell': 1, 'There is no substitute for hard work. -Thomas Edison': 1, 'Nature is trying very hard to make us succeed, but nature does not depend on us. We are not the only experiment. -Buckminster Fuller': 1, 'It is hard to believe that a man is telling the truth when you know that you would lie if you were in his place. -Henry Mencken': 1, "Happiness is so hard to define and foolish to define. Am I acting? That's the worst thing you can ask yourself. You can be happy suddenly. It can spring on you, not when you reach a plateau. You can be happy going backward or going down. You can be happy at the loss of something. -Steve Martin": 1, "It's not how old you are, it's how hard you work at it. -Jonah Barrington": 1, 'It is hard to fail, but it is worse never to have tried to succeed. -Theodore Roosevelt': 1} 
oppressed {'Freedom is never voluntarily given by the oppressor; it must be demanded by the oppressed. -Martin Luther King Jr.': 1} 
idea {'If you have an apple and I have an apple and we exchange these apples then you and I will still each have one apple. But if you have an idea and I have an idea and we exchange these ideas, then each of us will have two ideas. -George Bernard Shaw': 2, 'I arrive at the end of this review having done my duty as a critic. I have described the movie accurately and you have a good idea what you are in for if you go to see it. Most of you will not. I cannot argue with you. Some of you will--the brave and the curious. You embody the spirit of the man who first wondered what it would taste like to eat an oyster. -Roger Ebert': 1, 'As I would not be a slave, so I would not be a master. This expresses my idea of democracy. Whatever differs from this, to the extent of the difference, is no democracy. -Abraham Lincoln': 1, 'Cooking was invented in prehistoric times, when a primitive tribe had a lucky accident. The tribe had killed an animal and was going to eat it raw, when a tribe member named Woog tripped and dropped it into the fire. At first the other tribe members were angry at Woog, but then, as the aroma of burning meat filled the air, they had an idea. So they ate Woog raw. -Dave Barry': 1, "It is a good idea to ''shop around'' before you settle on a doctor. Ask about the condition of his Mercedes. Ask about the competence of his mechanic. Don't be shy! After all, you're paying for it. -Dave Barry": 1, 'An idea that is developed and put into action is more important than an idea that exists only as an idea. -Siddhartha Buddha': 3, "To me, it's always a good idea to always carry two sacks of something when you walk around. That way, if anybody says, 'Hey, can you give me a hand?,' you can say, 'Sorry, got these sacks.' -Jack Handey": 1, 'For each illness that doctors cure with medicine, they provoke ten in healthy people by inoculating them with the virus that is a thousand times more powerful than any microbe: the idea that one is ill. -Marcel Proust': 1, 'A powerful idea communicates some of its strength to him who challenges it. -Marcel Proust': 1, 'In the beginning, the universe was created. This made a lot of people very angry, and has been widely regarded as a bad idea. -Douglas Adams': 1} 
gun {'Every gun that is made, every warship launched, every rocket fired, signifies in the final sense a theft from those who hunger and are not fed, those who are cold and are not clothed. -Dwight Eisenhower': 1} 
elbert hubbard {'The recipe for perpetual ignorance is: be satisfied with your opinions and content with your knowledge. -Elbert Hubbard': 1, 'Some succeed by what they know; some by what they do; and a few by what they are. -Elbert Hubbard': 1, 'Life is just one damned thing after another. -Elbert Hubbard': 1, "Many a man's reputation would not know his character if they met on the street. -Elbert Hubbard": 1, 'The supernatural is the natural not yet understood. -Elbert Hubbard': 1, 'The mintage of wisdom is to know that rest is rust, and that real life is in love, laughter, and work. -Elbert Hubbard': 1, "Don't take life too seriously; you'll never get out of it alive. -Elbert Hubbard": 1, 'This will never be a civilized country until we expend more money for books than we do for chewing gum. -Elbert Hubbard': 1, 'Enthusiasm is the great hill-climber. -Elbert Hubbard': 1, 'Genius may have its limitations, but stupidity is not thus handicapped. -Elbert Hubbard': 1, 'The object of teaching a child is to enable him to get along without a teacher. -Elbert Hubbard': 1, 'If men will not act for themselves, what will they do when the benefit of their effort is for all? -Elbert Hubbard': 1} 
finish {'To write a good love letter, you ought to begin without knowing what you mean to say and to finish without knowing what you have written. -Jean-Jacques Rousseau': 1} 
countrymen {'Some of your countrymen were unable to distinguish between their native dislike for war and the stainless patriotism of those who suffered its scars. But there has been a rethinking and now we can say to you, and say as a nation, thank you for your courage. -Ronald Reagan': 1, 'PRESIDENT, n. The leading figure in a small group of men of whom \x97 and of whom only \x97 it is positively known that immense numbers of their countrymen did not want any of them for President. -Ambrose Bierce': 1} 
expect {"I love argument, I love debate. I don't expect anyone just to sit there and agree with me, that's not their job. -Margaret Thatcher": 1, 'Those who expect to reap the blessings of freedom must, like men, undergo the fatigue of supporting it. -Thomas Paine': 1, 'It is the madness of folly, to expect mercy from those who have refused to do justice; and even mercy, where conquest is the object, is only a trick of war; the cunning of the fox is as murderous as the violence of the wolf. -Thomas Paine': 1, "Without computers, the government would be unable to function at the level of effectiveness and efficiency that we have come to expect.  This is because the primary function of the government is -- and here I am quoting directly from the U.S. Constitution -- 'to spew out paper.' -Dave Barry": 1} 
fist {"The right to swing my fist ends where the other man's nose begins. -Oliver Wendell Holmes": 1} 
traveler {'Happy, happy Christmas, that can win us back to the delusions of our childhood days, recall to the old man the pleasures of his youth, and transport the traveler back to his own fireside and quiet home! -Charles Dickens': 1} 
really {'To know what is impenetrable to us really exists, manifesting itself as the highest wisdom and the most radiant beauty...this knowledge, this feeling is at the center of true religiousness. -Albert Einstein': 1, 'Thus the metric system did not really catch on in the States, unless you count the increasing popularity of the nine-millimeter bullet. -Dave Barry': 1, "We all wish to be judged by our peers, by the men 'after our own heart.' Only they really know our mind and only they judge it by standards we fully acknowledge. Theirs is the praise we really covet and the blame we really dread. The little pockets of early Chrstians survived because they cared exclusively for the love of 'the bretheren' and stopped their ears to the opinion of the Pagan society around them. But a circle of criminals, cranks, or perverts survives in just the same way; by becoming deaf to the opinion of the outer world, by discounting it as the chatter of outsiders who 'don't understand,' of the 'conventional,' the 'bourgeois,' the 'Establishment,' of prigs, prudes, and humbugs. -C.S. Lewis": 3, 'Nothing that you have not given away will ever be really yours. -C.S. Lewis': 1, 'Love yourself first and everything else falls into line. You really have to love yourself to get anything done in this world. -Lucille Ball': 1, ".I had to face the horrible truth: The antitobacco people are lying. Smoking really is cool. And I'm less cool for not doing it. -Tucker Carlson": 1, 'No doubt those who really founded modern science were usually those whose love of truth exceeded their love of power. -C.S. Lewis': 1} 
stands {'There is one thing alone that stands the brunt of life throughout its course: a quiet conscience. -Euripides': 1, 'We ascribe beauty to that which is simple; which has no superfluous parts; which exactly answers its end; which stands related to all things; which is the mean of many extremes. -Ralph Waldo Emerson': 1, 'The United States stands at the pinnacle of world power. This is a solemn moment for the American democracy. For with primacy in power is joined an awe-inspiring accountability for the future. -Winston Churchill': 1} 
flower {'Were it possible for us to wait for ourselves to come into the room, not many of us would find our hearts breaking into flower as we heard the door handle turn. -Rebecca West': 1} 
divide {'Grief can take care of itself, but to get the full value of joy you must have somebody to divide it with. -Mark Twain': 1} 
arnold schwarzenegger {"I love Thanksgiving. It's the only time in Los Angeles that you see natural breasts. -Arnold Schwarzenegger": 1} 
miss {'I may be drunk, Miss, but in the morning I will be sober and you will still be ugly. -Winston Churchill': 1} 
since {"I think a good gift for the president would be a chocolate revolver. And since he's so busy, you'd probably have to run up to him and hand it to him. -Jack Handey": 1, 'Since love grows within you, so beauty grows. For love is the beauty of the soul. -Saint Augustine': 1} 
trusts {'Not everybody trusts paintings, but people believe photographs. -Ansel Adams': 1} 
acting {'No passion so effectually robs the mind of all its powers of acting and reasoning as fear. -Edmund Burke': 1, "Happiness is so hard to define and foolish to define. Am I acting? That's the worst thing you can ask yourself. You can be happy suddenly. It can spring on you, not when you reach a plateau. You can be happy going backward or going down. You can be happy at the loss of something. -Steve Martin": 1} 
safety {'This does not mean that the enemy is to be allowed to escape. The object is to make him believe that there is a road to safety, and thus prevent his fighting with the courage of despair. After that, you may crush him. -Sun Tzu': 1, 'The things that will destroy America are prosperity at any price, peace at any price, safety first instead of duty first, the love of soft living and the get rich quick theory of life. -Theodore Roosevelt': 1, 'They that can give up essential liberty to obtain a little temporary safety deserve neither liberty nor safety. -Benjamin Franklin': 2} 
hill {'Enthusiasm is the great hill-climber. -Elbert Hubbard': 1, 'From the prodigious hilltops of New Hampshire, let freedom ring. From the mighty mountains of New York, let freedom ring. From the heightening Alleghenies of Pennsylvania, let freedom ring. But not only that: Let freedom ring from every hill and molehill of Mississippi. -Martin Luther King Jr.': 1, 'How did it happen that their lips came together? How does it happen that birds sing, that snow melts, that the rose unfolds, that the dawn whitens behind the stark shapes of trees on the quivering summit of the hill? A kiss, and all was said. -Victor Hugo': 1} 
paradise {'The only paradise is paradise lost. -Marcel Proust': 2} 
drink {"The only way to keep your health is to eat what you don't want, drink what you don't like, and do what you'd rather not. -Mark Twain": 1} 
boldness {'Question with boldness even the existence of a God; because, if there be one, he must more approve of the homage of reason, than that of blind-folded fear. -Thomas Jefferson': 1} 
bully {"One of the great attractions of patriotism -- it fulfills our worst wishes. In the person of our nation we are able, vicariously, to bully and cheat. Bully and cheat, what's more, with a feeling that we are profoundly virtuous. -Aldous Huxley": 2} 
risen {'I believe in Christianity as I believe that the sun has risen, not only because I see it, but because by it I see everything else. -C.S. Lewis': 1} 
commits {'Errors of haste are seldom committed singly. The first time a man always does too much. And precisely on that account he commits a second error, and then he does too little. -Friedrich Nietzsche': 1} 
confidence {'Ignorance more frequently begets confidence than does knowledge. -Charles Darwin': 1, 'Education is the ability to listen to almost anything without losing your temper or your self-confidence. -Robert Frost': 1, 'The best of life is conversation, and the greatest success is confidence, or perfect understanding between two people. -Ralph Waldo Emerson': 1} 
story {"Blood is the ink of our life's story. -Jason Mechalek": 1} 
extraordinary {"Thus far, the reputed idiot Bush has graduated from Yale and Harvard, made a stack of cash in the oil industry, become the first consecutive-term governor of Texas, defeated a dual-term VP for the presidency, and led his party to [November 5th's] extraordinary triumphs. Let his opponents keep calling him stupid; if they do, within five years Bush will be King of England, the Pope, and world Formula One motor racing champion. -Tim Blair": 1} 
reason {"The only reason for time is so that everything doesn't happen at once. -Albert Einstein": 1, 'No sooner do we depart from sense and instinct to follow reason but we are insensibly drawn into uncouth paradoxes, difficulties, and inconsistencies, which multiply and grow upon us as we advance in speculation; till at length, having wandered through many intricate mazes, we find ourselves just where we were, or, which is worse, sit down in a forlorn scepticism. -George Berkeley': 1, 'Women need a reason to have sex -- men just need a place. -Billy Crystal': 1, 'Reason is experimental intelligence, conceived after the pattern of science, and used in the creation of social arts; it has something to do. It liberates man from the bondage of the past, due to ignorance and accident hardened into custom. It projects a better future and assists man in its realization. -John Dewey': 1, 'The reason we hold truth in such respect is because we have so little opportunity to get familiar with it. -Mark Twain': 1, 'Reason and judgment are the qualities of a leader. -Tacitus': 1, 'All human actions have one or more of these seven causes: chance, nature, compulsions, habit, reason, passion, desire. -Aristotle': 1, 'Man [has] always assumed that he was more intelligent than dolphins because he had achieved so much-the wheel, New York, wars and so on-while all the dolphins had ever done was muck about in the water having a good time. But conversely, the dolphins had always believed that they were far more intelligent than man-for precisely the same reason. -Douglas Adams': 1, 'Time makes more converts than reason. -Thomas Paine': 1, 'Government is not reason; it is not eloquent; it is force. Like fire, it is a dangerous servant and a fearful master. -George Washington': 1, 'Thinking is the hardest work there is, which is the probable reason why so few engage in it. -Henry Ford': 1, 'Question with boldness even the existence of a God; because, if there be one, he must more approve of the homage of reason, than that of blind-folded fear. -Thomas Jefferson': 1} 
base {"If a woman has to choose between catching a fly ball and saving an infant's life, she will choose to save the infant's life without even considering if there are men on base. -Dave Barry": 1, 'Avoid the base hypocrisy of condemning in one man what you pass over in silence when committed by another. -Theodore Roosevelt': 1} 
members {'Cooking was invented in prehistoric times, when a primitive tribe had a lucky accident. The tribe had killed an animal and was going to eat it raw, when a tribe member named Woog tripped and dropped it into the fire. At first the other tribe members were angry at Woog, but then, as the aroma of burning meat filled the air, they had an idea. So they ate Woog raw. -Dave Barry': 1, 'As Mankind becomes more liberal, they will be more apt to allow that all those who conduct themselves as worthy members of the community are equally entitled to the protections of civil government. I hope ever to see America among the foremost nations of justice and liberality. -George Washington': 1} 
imagine {'Everything is simpler than you think and at the same time more complex than you imagine. -Johann Wolfgang von Goethe': 1} 
ask {"Every author should weigh his work and ask, 'Will humanity gain any benefit from it?' -Nachman of Bratslav": 1, "It is a good idea to ''shop around'' before you settle on a doctor. Ask about the condition of his Mercedes. Ask about the competence of his mechanic. Don't be shy! After all, you're paying for it. -Dave Barry": 2, "Happiness is so hard to define and foolish to define. Am I acting? That's the worst thing you can ask yourself. You can be happy suddenly. It can spring on you, not when you reach a plateau. You can be happy going backward or going down. You can be happy at the loss of something. -Steve Martin": 1, 'Ask not what your country can do for you - ask what you can do for your country. -John F. Kennedy': 2, "If you're afraid to ask the question, it's probably because you already know the answer. -Miriam M. Wynn": 1, "Don't ask God to change the laws of nature for you. -Nachman of Bratslav": 1, "I think, at a child's birth, if a mother could ask a fairy godmother to endow it with the most useful gift, that gift should be curiosity. -Eleanor Roosevelt": 1, 'In the Orthodox spiritual tradition, the ultimate moral question we ask is the following: Is what we are doing, is what I am doing, beautiful or not? -Carolyn Gifford': 1, 'In politics, if you want anything said, ask a man; if you want anything done, ask a woman. -Margaret Thatcher': 2} 
teach {'I am a writer of books in retrospect. I talk in order to understand; I teach in order to learn. -Robert Frost': 1, "You can't teach an old dogma new tricks. -Dorothy Parker": 1} 
reproach {'There is luxury in self-reproach. When we blame ourselves, we feel no one else has a right to blame us. -Oscar Wilde': 1, 'Bashfulness is an ornament to youth, but a reproach to old age. -Aristotle': 1} 
speculation {'No sooner do we depart from sense and instinct to follow reason but we are insensibly drawn into uncouth paradoxes, difficulties, and inconsistencies, which multiply and grow upon us as we advance in speculation; till at length, having wandered through many intricate mazes, we find ourselves just where we were, or, which is worse, sit down in a forlorn scepticism. -George Berkeley': 1} 
revolutionary {'The whole life of an American is passed like a game of chance, a revolutionary crisis, or a battle. -Alexis de Tocqueville': 1} 
definition {"A 'geek' by definition is someone who eats live animals....I've never eaten live animals. -Crispin Glover": 1, 'One definition of an economist is somebody who sees something happen in practice and wonders if it will work in theory. -Ronald Reagan': 1} 
benefits {'It is by the goodness of God that, in this country, we have three benefits: freedom of speech, freedom of thought, and the wisdom never to use either. -Mark Twain': 1} 
unbecoming {'It is unbecoming for young men to utter maxims. -Aristotle': 1} 
thread {'I have gathered a posie of other men\x92s flowers, and nothing but the thread that binds them is mine own. -John Bartlett': 1, 'America is not like a blanket: one piece of unbroken cloth, the same color, the same texture, the same size. America is more like a quilt: many patches, many pieces, many colors, many sizes, all woven and held together by a common thread. -Jesse Jackson': 1} 
devoid {'Returning violence for violence multiplies violence, adding deeper darkness to a night already devoid of stars. -Martin Luther King Jr.': 1} 
william blake {'I was angry with my friend I told my wrath, my wrath did end. I was angry with my foe: I told it not, my wrath did grow. -William Blake': 1, 'What is now proved was once only imagined. -William Blake': 1} 
computers {"Without computers, the government would be unable to function at the level of effectiveness and efficiency that we have come to expect.  This is because the primary function of the government is -- and here I am quoting directly from the U.S. Constitution -- 'to spew out paper.' -Dave Barry": 1} 
year's {"A University of Chicago professor said the greatest day in the world was when a water puppy crawled out on land and decided to stay. The water puppy, he said, went on to become a man. If he proves that, I am willing to give up Christmas, Thanksgiving, and New Year's Day, and to celebrate Water Puppy Day. -William Jennings Bryan": 1} 
american {'When an American says that he loves his country, he means not only that he loves the New England hills, the prairies glistening in the sun, the wide and rising plains, the great mountains, and the sea. He means that he loves an inner air, an inner light in which freedom lives and in which a man can draw the breath of self-respect. -Adlai Stevenson': 1, 'The whole life of an American is passed like a game of chance, a revolutionary crisis, or a battle. -Alexis de Tocqueville': 1, 'A typical vice of American politics is the avoidance of saying anything real on real issues. -Theodore Roosevelt': 1, 'The United States stands at the pinnacle of world power. This is a solemn moment for the American democracy. For with primacy in power is joined an awe-inspiring accountability for the future. -Winston Churchill': 1, 'A Native American elder once described his own inner struggles in this manner: Inside of me there are two dogs. One of the dogs is mean and evil. The other dog is good. The mean dog fights the good dog all the time. When asked which dog wins, he reflected. -George Bernard Shaw': 1, 'PRESIDENCY, n. The greased pig in the field game of American politics. -Ambrose Bierce': 1, 'The surface of American society is covered with a layer of democratic paint, but from time to time one can see the old aristocratic colours breaking through. -Alexis de Tocqueville': 1} 
tenths {"Don't knock the weather; nine-tenths of the people couldn't start a conversation if it didn't change once in a while. -Kin Hubbard": 1} 
daisy {'And what\x92s romance? Usually, a nice little tale where you have everything As You Like It, where rain never wets your jacket and gnats never bite your nose and it\x92s always daisy-time. -D.H. Lawrence': 1} 
blush {'Do good by stealth, and blush to find it fame. -Alexander Pope': 1} 
fallen {"We've got to live. No matter how many skies have fallen. -D.H. Lawrence": 1} 
germaine greer {'A successful marriage requires falling in love many times, always with the same person. -Germaine Greer': 1} 
feed {"I planted some bird seed. A bird came up. Now I don't know what to feed it. -Steven Wright": 1} 
major {'I have one yardstick by which I test every major problem-and that yardstick is: Is it good for America? -Dwight Eisenhower': 1} 
dont {'Of course the people dont want war...that is understood. But voice or no voice, the people can always be brought to the bidding of the leaders. That is easy. All you have to do is tell them they are being attacked, and denounce the pacifists for lack of patriotism and exposing the country to danger. It works the same in any country. -Hermann Goering': 1} 
feel {"Science is not about building a body of known 'facts'. It is a method for asking awkward questions and subjecting them to a reality-check, thus avoiding the human tendency to believe whatever makes us feel good. -Terry Pratchett": 1, 'Intoxicated with unbroken success, we have become too self-sufficient to feel the necessity of redeeming and preserving grace, too proud to pray to the God that made us. -Abraham Lincoln': 1, 'He who is of calm and happy nature will hardly feel the pressure of age, but to him who is of an opposite disposition youth and age are equally a burden. -Plato': 1, 'If I feel physically as if the top of my head were taken off, I know that is poetry. -Emily Dickinson': 1, 'My aim is to put down on paper what I see and what I feel in the best and simplest way. -Ernest Hemingway': 1, 'I feel impelled to speak today in a language that in a sense is new-one which I, who have spent so much of my life in the military profession, would have preferred never to use. That new language is the language of atomic warfare. -Dwight Eisenhower': 1, 'There is luxury in self-reproach. When we blame ourselves, we feel no one else has a right to blame us. -Oscar Wilde': 1, 'The time which we have at our disposal every day is elastic; the passions we feel expand it, those that we inspire contract it, and habit fills up what remains. -Marcel Proust': 1, "My role in society, or any artist's or poet's role, is to try and express what we all feel. Not to tell people how to feel. Not as a preacher, not as a leader, but as a reflection of us all. -John Lennon": 2, 'No one can make you feel inferior without your consent. -Eleanor Roosevelt': 1, 'Accept the challenges so that you can feel the exhilaration of victory. -George Patton': 1} 
radical {'A radical is a man with both feet firmly planted in the air. -Franklin D. Roosevelt': 1} 
reflected {'A Native American elder once described his own inner struggles in this manner: Inside of me there are two dogs. One of the dogs is mean and evil. The other dog is good. The mean dog fights the good dog all the time. When asked which dog wins, he reflected. -George Bernard Shaw': 1} 
preservation {'It must be remembered that there is nothing more difficult to plan, more doubtful of success nor more dangerous to manage than the creation of a new system. For the initiator has the enmity of all who profit by the preservation of the old institution and merely lukewarm defenders in those who would gain by the new one. -Nicolo Machiavelli': 1} 
traveled {'Two roads diverged in a wood, and I...I took the one less traveled by, and that has made all the difference. -Robert Frost': 1} 
feet {'Show me your hands. Do they have scars from giving? Show me your feet. Are they wounded in service? Show me your heart. Have you left a place for divine love? -Fulton J. Sheen': 1, 'Karate is a form of marital arts in which people who have had years and years of training can, using only their hands and feet, make some of the worst movies in the history of the world. -Dave Barry': 1, 'A radical is a man with both feet firmly planted in the air. -Franklin D. Roosevelt': 1, "I cried because I had no shoes, 'till I met a man who had no feet. So I said, 'You got any shoes you're not using'? -Steven Wright": 1, "Is there anything more beautiful than a beautiful, beautiful flamingo, flying across in front of a beautiful sunset? And he's carrying a beautiful rose in his beak, and also he's carrying a very beautiful painting with his feet. And also, you're drunk. -Jack Handey": 1, 'If my children wake up on Christmas morning and have someone to thank for putting candy in their stocking, have I no one to thank for putting two feet in mine? -GK Chesterton': 1, "Speeches are for the younger men who are going places. And I'm not going anyplace except six feet under the floor of that little chapel adjoining the museum and library at Abilene. -Dwight Eisenhower": 1} 
elder {'A Native American elder once described his own inner struggles in this manner: Inside of me there are two dogs. One of the dogs is mean and evil. The other dog is good. The mean dog fights the good dog all the time. When asked which dog wins, he reflected. -George Bernard Shaw': 1} 
sailor {'Why, you can take the most gallant sailor, the most intrepid airman or the most audacious soldier, put them at a table together - what do you get? The sum of their fears. -Winston Churchill': 1} 
integrate {'Religion operates not only on the vertical plane but also on the horizontal. It seeks not only to integrate men with God but to integrate men with men and each man with himself. -Martin Luther King Jr.': 2} 
done {'On the plus side, death is one of the few things that can be done just as easily lying down. -Woody Allen': 1, 'Nothing noble is done without risk. -Andr\xe9 Gide': 1, 'I arrive at the end of this review having done my duty as a critic. I have described the movie accurately and you have a good idea what you are in for if you go to see it. Most of you will not. I cannot argue with you. Some of you will--the brave and the curious. You embody the spirit of the man who first wondered what it would taste like to eat an oyster. -Roger Ebert': 1, 'I never see what has been done; I only see what remains to be done. -Siddhartha Buddha': 2, 'If you are resolutely determined to make a lawyer of yourself, the thing is more than half done already. -Abraham Lincoln': 1, 'Man [has] always assumed that he was more intelligent than dolphins because he had achieved so much-the wheel, New York, wars and so on-while all the dolphins had ever done was muck about in the water having a good time. But conversely, the dolphins had always believed that they were far more intelligent than man-for precisely the same reason. -Douglas Adams': 1, 'In politics, if you want anything said, ask a man; if you want anything done, ask a woman. -Margaret Thatcher': 1, 'Love yourself first and everything else falls into line. You really have to love yourself to get anything done in this world. -Lucille Ball': 1, 'I like television. I still believe that television is the most powerful form of communication on Earth -- I just hate what is being done with it. -Alton Brown': 1} 
tucker carlson {".I had to face the horrible truth: The antitobacco people are lying. Smoking really is cool. And I'm less cool for not doing it. -Tucker Carlson": 1} 
changing {"When you're through changing, you're through. -Bruce Barton": 1} 
margaret thatcher {'There can be no liberty unless there is economic liberty. -Margaret Thatcher': 1, "Being a leader is like being a lady, if you have to go around telling people you are one, you aren't. -Margaret Thatcher": 1, 'In politics, if you want anything said, ask a man; if you want anything done, ask a woman. -Margaret Thatcher': 1, 'I always cheer up immensely if an attack is particularly wounding because I think, well, if they attack one personally, it means they have not a single political argument left. -Margaret Thatcher': 1, "I love argument, I love debate. I don't expect anyone just to sit there and agree with me, that's not their job. -Margaret Thatcher": 1, 'Democratic nations must try to find ways to starve the terrorist and the hijacker of the oxygen of publicity on which they depend. -Margaret Thatcher': 1} 
andy warhol {'Being born is like being kidnapped. And then sold into slavery. -Andy Warhol': 1, "Dying is the most embarrassing thing that can ever happen to you, because someone's got to take care of all your details. -Andy Warhol": 1, "I'm the type who'd be happy not going anywhere as long as I was sure I knew exactly what was happening at the places I wasn't going to. I'm the type who'd like to sit home and watch every party that I'm invited to on a monitor in my bedroom. -Andy Warhol": 1} 
carter {"I had a dream the other night. I dreamed that Jimmy Carter came to me and asked why I wanted his job. I told him I didn't want his job. I want to be President. -Ronald Reagan": 1} 
guess {"Instead of a trap door, what about a trap window? The guy looks out it, and if he leans too far, he falls out. Wait. I guess that's like a regular window. -Jack Handey": 1, "When this girl at the museum asked me who I liked better, Monet or Manet, I said, 'I like mayonnaise.' She just stared at me, so I said it again, louder. Then she left. I guess she went to try to find some mayonnaise for me. -Jack Handey": 1} 
heads {'Every year, back comes Spring, with nasty little birds yapping their fool heads off and the ground all mucked up with plants. -Dorothy Parker': 1, "You give me a credit to which I have no claim in calling me 'the writer of the Constitution of the United States.' This was not, like the fabled Goddess of Wisdom, the offspring of a single brain. It ought to be regarded as the work of many heads and many hands. -James Madison": 1} 
divorce {"Ah, yes, divorce...from the Latin word meaning to rip out a man's genitals through his wallet. -Robin Williams": 1} 
least {'Of all lies, art is the least untrue. -Gustave Flaubert': 1, 'An actor is at most a poet and at least an entertainer. -Marlon Brando': 1, 'The least of things with a meaning is worth more in life than the greatest of things without it. -Carl Jung': 1, "Playwriting gets into your blood and you can't stop it. At least, not until the producers or the public tell you to. -T.S. Eliot": 1, 'For a time, at least, I was the most famous person in the entire world. -Jesse Owens': 1} 
paint {'The surface of American society is covered with a layer of democratic paint, but from time to time one can see the old aristocratic colours breaking through. -Alexis de Tocqueville': 1} 
regulation {"The puritanism of Christianity has played havoc with the moderation that an enlightened and tolerant critical spirit would have produced. I've noticed that in whatever country, county, town, or other region there is a regulation enjoining temperance, the population seems to be entirely composed of teetotallers and drunkards. There's a Bible on that shelf there. But I keep it next to Voltaire - poison and antidote. -Bertrand Russell": 1} 
wonderful {'We know life is futile. A man who considers that his life is of very wonderful importance is awfully close to a padded cell. -Clarence Darrow': 1, "I've had a wonderful time, but this wasn't it. -Groucho Marx": 1} 
statement {'I hope that when you are my age, you will be able to say as I have been able to say: We lived in freedom. We lived lives that were a statement, not an apology. -Ronald Reagan': 1, "Those who are preoccupied with 'making a statement' usually don't have any statements worth making. -Thomas Sowell": 1} 
rates {'The MPAA rates this PG-13. It is too vulgar for anyone under 13, and too dumb for anyone over 13. -Roger Ebert': 1} 
hundred {'Rome remained free for four hundred years and Sparta eight hundred, although their citizens were armed all that time; but many other states that have been disarmed have lost their liberties in less than forty years. -Nicolo Machiavelli': 2, 'When angry, count ten before you speak; if very angry, a hundred. -Thomas Jefferson': 1, 'When nothing seems to help, I go and look at a stonecutter hammering away at his rock perhaps a hundred times without as much as a crack showing in it. Yet at the hundred and first blow it will split in two, and I know it was not that blow that did it, but all that had gone before. -Jacob August Riis': 2, 'You know what the fellow said: In Italy for thirty years under the Borgias they had warfare, terror, murder, and bloodshed, but they produced Michaelangelo, Leonardo Da Vinci, and the Renaissance. In Switzerland, they had brotherly love--they had five hundred years of democracy and peace, and what did they produce? The cuckoo clock. -Orson Welles': 1} 
marketplace {'Freedom is the right to question and change the established way of doing things. It is the continuous revolution of the marketplace. It is the understanding that allows us to recognize shortcomings and seek solutions. -Ronald Reagan': 1} 
witnessing {'Serious sport has nothing to do with fair play. It is bound up with hatred, jealousy, boastfulness, disregard of all rules and sadistic pleasure in witnessing violence. In other words: it is war minus the shooting. -George Orwell': 1} 
justly {'All virtue is summed up in dealing justly. -Aristotle': 1} 
muscles {'We should take care not to make the intellect our god; it has, of course, powerful muscles, but no personality. -Albert Einstein': 1} 
passed {'The whole life of an American is passed like a game of chance, a revolutionary crisis, or a battle. -Alexis de Tocqueville': 1, 'Let the word go forth from this time and place, to friend and foe alike, that the torch has been passed to a new generation of Americans. -John F. Kennedy': 1, 'By a curious confusion, many modern critics have passed from the proposition that a masterpiece may be unpopular to the other proposition that unless it is unpopular it cannot be a masterpiece. -GK Chesterton': 1} 
fran lebowitz {'Humility is no substitute for a good personality. -Fran Lebowitz': 1, 'Andy Warhol made fame more famous. -Fran Lebowitz': 1} 
defused {'A star on a movie set is like a time bomb. That bomb has got to be defused so people can approach it without fear. -Jack Nicholson': 1} 
immediate {"There's no present. There's only the immediate future and the recent past. -George Carlin": 1} 
discover {'You can discover more about a person in an hour of play than in a year of conversation. -Plato': 1, 'Our nettlesome task is to discover how to organize our strength into compelling power. -Martin Luther King Jr.': 1} 
authors {'Anyone who invokes authors in discussion is not using his intelligence but his memory. -Leonardo da Vinci': 1} 
prodigious {'From the prodigious hilltops of New Hampshire, let freedom ring. From the mighty mountains of New York, let freedom ring. From the heightening Alleghenies of Pennsylvania, let freedom ring. But not only that: Let freedom ring from every hill and molehill of Mississippi. -Martin Luther King Jr.': 1} 
believe {'We are all worms, but I do believe I am a glow-worm. -Winston Churchill': 1, 'I believe this government cannot endure permanently half slave and half free. -Abraham Lincoln': 1, 'People can misinterpret almost anything so that it coincides with views they already hold. They take from art what they already believe. -Stanley Kubrick': 1, 'I like television. I still believe that television is the most powerful form of communication on Earth -- I just hate what is being done with it. -Alton Brown': 1, 'Not everybody trusts paintings, but people believe photographs. -Ansel Adams': 1, "Of course I don't believe in it. But I understand that it brings you luck whether you believe in it or not. -Niels Bohr": 2, 'I believe the highest aspiration of man should be individual freedom and the development of the individual. -Ronald Reagan': 1, 'I confess, I do not believe in time. -Vladimir Nabokov': 1, 'I believe one of the reasons so many do not get a higher education is the fear of their parents that they will lose more morally than they will receive mentally. -William Jennings Bryan': 1, 'I do not believe one can settle how much we ought to give. I am afraid the only safe rule is to give more than we can spare. -C.S. Lewis': 1, 'This does not mean that the enemy is to be allowed to escape. The object is to make him believe that there is a road to safety, and thus prevent his fighting with the courage of despair. After that, you may crush him. -Sun Tzu': 1, 'It is hard to believe that a man is telling the truth when you know that you would lie if you were in his place. -Henry Mencken': 1, 'Your faith is what you believe, not what you know. -Mark Twain': 1, 'I believe in Christianity as I believe that the sun has risen, not only because I see it, but because by it I see everything else. -C.S. Lewis': 2, 'Those who believe they are exclusively in the right are generally those who achieve something. -Aldous Huxley': 1, "Science is not about building a body of known 'facts'. It is a method for asking awkward questions and subjecting them to a reality-check, thus avoiding the human tendency to believe whatever makes us feel good. -Terry Pratchett": 1, 'That is the true season of love, when we believe that we alone can love, that no one could ever have loved so before us, and that no one will love in the same way after us. -Johann Wolfgang von Goethe': 1} 
convinced {'We know too much, and are convinced of too little. Our literature is a substitute for religion, and so is our religion. -T.S. Eliot': 1} 
grace {'Intoxicated with unbroken success, we have become too self-sufficient to feel the necessity of redeeming and preserving grace, too proud to pray to the God that made us. -Abraham Lincoln': 1, "Everybody can be great... because anybody can serve. You don't have to have a college degree to serve. You don't have to make your subject and verb agree to serve. You only need a heart full of grace. A soul generated by love. -Martin Luther King Jr.": 1} 
center {'To know what is impenetrable to us really exists, manifesting itself as the highest wisdom and the most radiant beauty...this knowledge, this feeling is at the center of true religiousness. -Albert Einstein': 1} 
king {"Thus far, the reputed idiot Bush has graduated from Yale and Harvard, made a stack of cash in the oil industry, become the first consecutive-term governor of Texas, defeated a dual-term VP for the presidency, and led his party to [November 5th's] extraordinary triumphs. Let his opponents keep calling him stupid; if they do, within five years Bush will be King of England, the Pope, and world Formula One motor racing champion. -Tim Blair": 1} 
kind {"The only kind of seafood I trust is the fish stick, a totally featureless fish that doesn't have eyeballs or fins. -Dave Barry": 1} 
determines {'Our attitude towards others determines their attitude towards us. -Earl Nightingale': 1} 
largely {"I have come to the conclusion that my subjective account of my motivation is largely mythical on almost all occasions. I don't know why I do things. -J.B.S. Haldane": 1} 
youth {'A truly great book should be read in youth, again in maturity and once more in old age, as a fine building should be seen by morning light, at noon and by moonlight. -Robertson Davies': 1, 'Happy, happy Christmas, that can win us back to the delusions of our childhood days, recall to the old man the pleasures of his youth, and transport the traveler back to his own fireside and quiet home! -Charles Dickens': 1, 'He who is of calm and happy nature will hardly feel the pressure of age, but to him who is of an opposite disposition youth and age are equally a burden. -Plato': 1, 'Bashfulness is an ornament to youth, but a reproach to old age. -Aristotle': 1} 
haddock {'Love is the delightful interval between meeting a beautiful girl and discovering that she looks like a haddock. -John Barrymore': 1} 
determined {'If you are resolutely determined to make a lawyer of yourself, the thing is more than half done already. -Abraham Lincoln': 1, 'Death and life have their determined appointments; riches and honors depend upon heaven. -Confucius': 1} 
marriage {'Marriage is the alliance of two people, one of whom never remembers birthdays and the other who never forgets. -Ogden Nash': 1, "Where there's marriage without love, there will be love without marriage. -Benjamin Franklin": 2, 'Let us now set forth one of the fundamental truths about marriage: the wife is in charge. -Bill Cosby': 1, 'If variety is the spice of life, marriage is the big can of leftover Spam. -Johnny Carson': 1, 'A successful marriage requires falling in love many times, always with the same person. -Germaine Greer': 1, 'Marriage is our last, best chance to grow up. -Joseph Barth': 1} 
risks {'He who is not courageous enough to take risks will accomplish nothing in life. -Muhammad Ali': 1} 
dispenses {'Perfect humility dispenses with modesty. -C.S. Lewis': 1} 
toward {'The Nation which indulges toward another an habitual hatred or an habitual fondness is in some degree a slave. It is a slave to its animosity or to its affection, either of which is sufficient to lead it astray from its duty and its interest. -George Washington': 1} 
remembers {"A diplomat is a man who always remembers a woman's birthday but never remembers her age. -Robert Frost": 2, 'Marriage is the alliance of two people, one of whom never remembers birthdays and the other who never forgets. -Ogden Nash': 1} 
deciding {"The function of RAM is to give us guys a way of deciding whose computer has the biggest, studliest, most tumescent MEMORY. This is important, because with today's complex software, the more memory a computer has, the faster it can produce error messages. So the bottom line is, if you're a guy, you cannot have enough RAM. -Dave Barry": 1} 
motivation {"I have come to the conclusion that my subjective account of my motivation is largely mythical on almost all occasions. I don't know why I do things. -J.B.S. Haldane": 1} 
obstacles {'Obstacles do not exist to be surrendered to, but only to be broken. -Adolf Hitler': 1} 
trifles {"What sunshine is to flowers, smiles are to humanity. These are but trifles, to be sure; but scattered along life's pathway, the good they do is inconceivable. -Joseph Addison": 1} 
fights {'A Native American elder once described his own inner struggles in this manner: Inside of me there are two dogs. One of the dogs is mean and evil. The other dog is good. The mean dog fights the good dog all the time. When asked which dog wins, he reflected. -George Bernard Shaw': 1, 'He that fights and runs away, may turn and fight another day; but he that is in battle slain, will never rise to fight again. -Tacitus': 1} 
ages {'There are men in all ages who mean to govern well, but they mean to govern. They promise to be good masters, but they mean to be masters. -Daniel Webster': 1} 
fireside {'Happy, happy Christmas, that can win us back to the delusions of our childhood days, recall to the old man the pleasures of his youth, and transport the traveler back to his own fireside and quiet home! -Charles Dickens': 1} 
emperors {'He wrapped himself in quotations--as a beggar would enfold himself in the purple of Emperors. -Rudyard Kipling': 1} 
alike {'The invisible and the non-existent look very much alike. -Delos McKown': 1, 'In any fairly large and talkative community such as a university there is always the danger that those who think alike should gravitate together where they will henceforth encounter opposition only in the emasculated form of rumour that the outsiders say thus and thus. The absent are easily refuted, complacent dogmatism thrives, and differences of opinion are embittered by the group hostility. Each group hears not the best, but the worst, that the other group can say. -C.S. Lewis': 1, 'Let the word go forth from this time and place, to friend and foe alike, that the torch has been passed to a new generation of Americans. -John F. Kennedy': 1} 
blond {'She was what we used to call a suicide blond - dyed by her own hand. -Saul Bellow': 1} 
indiscreet {'All enterprises that are entered into with indiscreet zeal may be pursued with great vigor at first, but are sure to collapse in the end. -Tacitus': 1} 
albert camus {"Don't walk in front of me, I may not follow. Don't walk behind me, I may not lead. Just walk beside me and be my friend. -Albert Camus": 1, 'Freedom is nothing else but a chance to be better. -Albert Camus': 1} 
vulnerable {'Love anything and your heart will be wrung and possibly broken. If you want to make sure of keeping it intact you must give it to no one, not even an animal. Wrap it carefully round with hobbies and little luxuries; avoid all entanglements. Lock it up safe in the casket or coffin of your selfishness. But in that casket, safe, dark, motionless, airless, it will change. It will not be broken; it will become unbreakable, impenetrable, irredeemable. To love is to be vulnerable. -C.S. Lewis': 1} 
heightening {'From the prodigious hilltops of New Hampshire, let freedom ring. From the mighty mountains of New York, let freedom ring. From the heightening Alleghenies of Pennsylvania, let freedom ring. But not only that: Let freedom ring from every hill and molehill of Mississippi. -Martin Luther King Jr.': 1} 
lie {'It is hard to believe that a man is telling the truth when you know that you would lie if you were in his place. -Henry Mencken': 1, 'One of the striking differences between a cat and a lie is that a cat has only nine lives. -Mark Twain': 1, "I'd rather hear an old truth than a new lie. -Chris Bowyer": 1, 'Sin has many tools, but a lie is the handle which fits them all. -Edmund Burke': 1} 
nights {"You don't have to stay up nights to succeed; you have to stay awake days. -Author Unknown": 1} 
built {'You find out more about God from the Moral Law than from the univerise in general just as you find out more about a man by listening to his conversation than by looking at a house he has built. -C.S. Lewis': 1, 'Children always understand. They have open minds. They have built-in shit detectors. -Madonna Ciccone': 1, 'This country was built on rape, slavery, murder, degradation and affiliation with crime. -Mike Tyson': 1} 
abilene {"Speeches are for the younger men who are going places. And I'm not going anyplace except six feet under the floor of that little chapel adjoining the museum and library at Abilene. -Dwight Eisenhower": 1} 
self {'When an American says that he loves his country, he means not only that he loves the New England hills, the prairies glistening in the sun, the wide and rising plains, the great mountains, and the sea. He means that he loves an inner air, an inner light in which freedom lives and in which a man can draw the breath of self-respect. -Adlai Stevenson': 1, 'Intoxicated with unbroken success, we have become too self-sufficient to feel the necessity of redeeming and preserving grace, too proud to pray to the God that made us. -Abraham Lincoln': 1, 'Being is desirable because it is identical with Beauty, and Beauty is loved because it is Being. We ourselves possess Beauty when we are true to our own being; ugliness is in going over to another order; knowing ourselves, we are beautiful; in self-ignorance, we are ugly. -Ambrose Bierce': 1, 'Self-denial is the shining sore on the leprous body of Christianity. -Oscar Wilde': 1, 'There is luxury in self-reproach. When we blame ourselves, we feel no one else has a right to blame us. -Oscar Wilde': 1, 'Education is the ability to listen to almost anything without losing your temper or your self-confidence. -Robert Frost': 1} 
also {'The world is full of suffering. It is also full of overcoming it. -Helen Keller': 1, "Is there anything more beautiful than a beautiful, beautiful flamingo, flying across in front of a beautiful sunset? And he's carrying a beautiful rose in his beak, and also he's carrying a very beautiful painting with his feet. And also, you're drunk. -Jack Handey": 2, 'Religion operates not only on the vertical plane but also on the horizontal. It seeks not only to integrate men with God but to integrate men with men and each man with himself. -Martin Luther King Jr.': 1, 'Knowledge rests not upon truth alone, but upon error also. -Carl Jung': 1, 'Without question, the greatest invention in the history of mankind is beer. Oh, I grant you that the wheel was also a fine invention, but the wheel does not go nearly as well with pizza. -Dave Barry': 1} 
without {'The least of things with a meaning is worth more in life than the greatest of things without it. -Carl Jung': 1, 'Imagination will often carry us to worlds that never were. But without it, we go nowhere. -Carl Sagan': 1, "Where there's marriage without love, there will be love without marriage. -Benjamin Franklin": 2, 'Success is going from failure to failure without losing enthusiasm. -Winston Churchill': 1, 'The object of teaching a child is to enable him to get along without a teacher. -Elbert Hubbard': 1, 'Experts tell us that if the Millennium Bug is not fixed, when the year 2000 arrives, our financial records will be inaccurate, our telephone system will be unreliable, our government will be paralyzed and airline flights will be canceled without warning. In other words, things will be pretty much the same as they are now. -Dave Barry': 1, 'No one can make you feel inferior without your consent. -Eleanor Roosevelt': 1, 'The fruit that can fall without shaking, indeed is too mellow for me. -Lady Mary Wortley Montagu': 1, "If a woman has to choose between catching a fly ball and saving an infant's life, she will choose to save the infant's life without even considering if there are men on base. -Dave Barry": 1, 'Without courage, wisdom bears no fruit. -Baltasar Gracian': 1, 'To one who has faith, no explanation is necessary. To one without faith, no explanation is possible. -Thomas Aquinas': 1, 'Without question, the greatest invention in the history of mankind is beer. Oh, I grant you that the wheel was also a fine invention, but the wheel does not go nearly as well with pizza. -Dave Barry': 1, 'Science without religion is lame, religion without science is blind. -Albert Einstein': 2, "Of all tyrannies, a tyranny exercised for the good of its victims may be the most oppressive. It may be better to live under robber barons than under omnipotent moral busybodies. The robber baron's cruelty may sometimes sleep, his cupidity may at some point be satiated; but those who torment us for our own good will torment us without end, for they do so with the approval of their own conscience. -C.S. Lewis": 1, "Without computers, the government would be unable to function at the level of effectiveness and efficiency that we have come to expect.  This is because the primary function of the government is -- and here I am quoting directly from the U.S. Constitution -- 'to spew out paper.' -Dave Barry": 1, 'Nothing noble is done without risk. -Andr\xe9 Gide': 1, "Advice to young writers who want to get ahead without annoying delays: don\x92t write about Man, write about 'a' man. -E.B. White": 1, 'It is a grand mistake to think of being great without goodness and I pronounce it as certain that there was never a truly great man that was not at the same time truly virtuous. -Benjamin Franklin': 1, 'When nothing seems to help, I go and look at a stonecutter hammering away at his rock perhaps a hundred times without as much as a crack showing in it. Yet at the hundred and first blow it will split in two, and I know it was not that blow that did it, but all that had gone before. -Jacob August Riis': 1, 'Men have always been afraid that women could get along without them. -Margaret Mead': 1, 'Education is the ability to listen to almost anything without losing your temper or your self-confidence. -Robert Frost': 1, 'There is nothing more exhilarating than to be shot at without result. -Winston Churchill': 1, 'A star on a movie set is like a time bomb. That bomb has got to be defused so people can approach it without fear. -Jack Nicholson': 1, 'Without music, life would be a mistake. -Friedrich Nietzsche': 1, 'Anger is never without an argument, but seldom with a good one. -George Savile': 1, 'To write a good love letter, you ought to begin without knowing what you mean to say and to finish without knowing what you have written. -Jean-Jacques Rousseau': 2, "Sex without love is a meaningless experience, but as far as meaningless experiences go, it's pretty damn good. -Woody Allen": 1, 'If you will not fight for the right when you can easily win without bloodshed; if you will not fight when your victory will be sure and not too costly; you may come to the moment when you will have to fight with all the odds against you and only a small chance of survival. There may even be a worse case: you may have to fight when there is no hope of victory, because it is better to perish than to live as slaves. -Winston Churchill': 1} 
build {"You can't build a reputation on what you are going to do. -Henry Ford": 1, 'What we are today comes from our thoughts of yesterday and our present thoughts build our life tomorrow. Our life is the creation of our mind. -Siddhartha Buddha': 1} 
finding {'Not only is there no God, but try finding a plumber on Sunday. -Woody Allen': 1} 
seedless {'To defend Western Europe we have to let the Pentagon buy all these tanks and guns and things, and the Pentagon is unable to buy any object that that costs less than a condominium in Vail. If the Pentagon needs, say, fruit, it will argue that it must have fruit that can withstand the rigors of combat conditions, and it will wind up purchasing the FX-700 Seedless Tactical Grape, which will cost $160,000 per bunch, and will have an 83 percent failure rate. -Dave Barry': 1} 
play {'Not only does God play dice, but he sometimes throws them where they cannot be seen. -Stephen Hawking': 1, 'Serious sport has nothing to do with fair play. It is bound up with hatred, jealousy, boastfulness, disregard of all rules and sadistic pleasure in witnessing violence. In other words: it is war minus the shooting. -George Orwell': 1, "If your kid makes one of those little homemade guitars out of a cigar box and rubber bands, don't let him just play it once or twice and then throw it away. Make him practice on it, every day, for about three hours a day. Later, he'll thank you. -Jack Handey": 1, 'I could not handle being a woman, I would stay home all day and play with my breasts. -Steve Martin': 1, "When I see a play and understand it the first time, then I know it can't be much good. -T.S. Eliot": 1, 'If music be the food of love, play on. -William Shakespeare': 1, 'You can discover more about a person in an hour of play than in a year of conversation. -Plato': 1} 
towards {'Our attitude towards others determines their attitude towards us. -Earl Nightingale': 2} 
electric {'Money can help you to get medicines but not health. Money can help you to get soft pillows, but not sound sleep. Money can help you to get material comforts, but not eternal bliss. Money can help you to get ornaments, but not beauty. Money will help you to get an electric earphone, but not natural hearing. Attain the supreme wealth, wisdom, and you will have everything. -Benjamin Franklin': 1} 
frauds {'All men are frauds. The only difference between them is that some admit it. I myself deny it. -Henry Mencken': 1} 
approves {"'Tis the business of little minds to shrink, but he whose heart is firm, and whose conscience approves his conduct, will pursue his principles unto death. -Thomas Paine": 1} 
reach {'If you see ten troubles coming down the road, you can be sure that nine will run into the ditch before they reach you. -Calvin Coolidge': 1, 'He that would make his own liberty secure, must guard even his enemy from opposition; for if he violates this duty he establishes a precedent that will reach himself. -Thomas Paine': 1, "Happiness is so hard to define and foolish to define. Am I acting? That's the worst thing you can ask yourself. You can be happy suddenly. It can spring on you, not when you reach a plateau. You can be happy going backward or going down. You can be happy at the loss of something. -Steve Martin": 1, 'No human relation gives one possession in another...every two souls are absolutely different. In friendship and in love, the two side by side raise hands together to find what one cannot reach alone. -Kahlil Gibran': 1, 'Love is a fruit in season at all times, and within reach of every hand. -Mother Teresa': 1, 'Egalitarians create the most dangerous inequality of all -- inequality of power. Allowing politicians to determine what all other human beings will be allowed to earn is one of the most reckless gambles imaginable. Like the income tax, it may start off being applied only to the rich but it will inevitably reach us all. -Thomas Sowell': 1} 
most {"The most exciting phrase to hear in science, the one that heralds new discoveries, is not 'Eureka!' (I found it!) but 'That's funny...' -Isaac Asimov": 1, "Dying is the most embarrassing thing that can ever happen to you, because someone's got to take care of all your details. -Andy Warhol": 1, 'Man was made for action, and to promote by the exertion of his faculties such changes in the external circumstances both of himself and others, as may seem most favourable to the happiness of all. -Adam Smith': 1, 'To be prepared for war is one of the most effectual means of preserving peace. -George Washington': 1, 'Back in the old days, most families were close-knit. Grown children and their parents continued to live together, under the same roof, sometimes in the same small, crowded room, year in and year out, until they died, frequently by strangulation. -Dave Barry': 1, "Most football teams are temperamental. That's 90% temper and 10% mental. -Doug Plank": 1, 'My most brilliant achievement was my ability to be able to persuade my wife to marry me. -Winston Churchill': 1, 'The most incomprehensible thing about the world is that it is at all comprehensible. -Albert Einstein': 1, 'I arrive at the end of this review having done my duty as a critic. I have described the movie accurately and you have a good idea what you are in for if you go to see it. Most of you will not. I cannot argue with you. Some of you will--the brave and the curious. You embody the spirit of the man who first wondered what it would taste like to eat an oyster. -Roger Ebert': 1, 'That the innocent, though they may have some connexion or dependency upon the guilty (which, perhaps, they themselves cannot help), should not, upon that account, suffer or be punished for the guilty, is one of the plainest and most obvious rules of justice. -Adam Smith': 1, 'Perhaps one of the most important accomplishments of my administration has been minding my own business. -Calvin Coolidge': 1, 'Most modern freedom is at root fear. It is not so much that we are too bold to endure rules; it is rather that we are too timid to endure responsibilities. -GK Chesterton': 1, 'Why, you can take the most gallant sailor, the most intrepid airman or the most audacious soldier, put them at a table together - what do you get? The sum of their fears. -Winston Churchill': 3, "Talent alone won't make you a success. Neither will being in the right place at the right time, unless you are ready. The most important question is: 'Are you ready?' -Johnny Carson": 1, 'Children are innocent and love justice, while most adults are wicked and prefer mercy. -GK Chesterton': 1, 'An actor is at most a poet and at least an entertainer. -Marlon Brando': 1, 'Fatherhood is pretending the present you love most is soap on-a-rope. -Bill Cosby': 1, 'He therefore is the truest friend to the liberty of this country who tries most to promote its virtue, and who, so far as his power and influence extend, will not suffer a man to be chosen into any office of power and trust who is not a wise and virtuous man. -Samuel Adams': 1, "Of all tyrannies, a tyranny exercised for the good of its victims may be the most oppressive. It may be better to live under robber barons than under omnipotent moral busybodies. The robber baron's cruelty may sometimes sleep, his cupidity may at some point be satiated; but those who torment us for our own good will torment us without end, for they do so with the approval of their own conscience. -C.S. Lewis": 1, "Life's most persistent and urgent question is, 'What are you doing for others?' -Martin Luther King Jr.": 1, "We all want progress, but if you're on the wrong road, progress means doing an about-turn and walking back to the right road; in that case, the man who turns back soonest is the most progressive. -C.S. Lewis": 1, "I'm a middle age white guy, which means I'm constantly reminded that my particular group is responsible for the oppression of every known minority PLUS most wars PLUS government corruption PLUS pollution of the environment, not to mention that it was middle-age white guys who killed Bambi's mom. -Dave Barry": 1, "When we got into office, the thing that surprised me the most was that things were as bad as we'd been saying they were. -John F. Kennedy": 1, 'The best and most beautiful things in the world cannot be seen or even touched. They must be felt with the heart. -Helen Keller': 1, "The function of RAM is to give us guys a way of deciding whose computer has the biggest, studliest, most tumescent MEMORY. This is important, because with today's complex software, the more memory a computer has, the faster it can produce error messages. So the bottom line is, if you're a guy, you cannot have enough RAM. -Dave Barry": 1, 'That men do not learn very much from the lessons of history is the most important of all the lessons of history. -Aldous Huxley': 1, "I think, at a child's birth, if a mother could ask a fairy godmother to endow it with the most useful gift, that gift should be curiosity. -Eleanor Roosevelt": 1, 'For a time, at least, I was the most famous person in the entire world. -Jesse Owens': 1, 'The ACLU is always yakking about the Constitution, and most of us are getting mighty tired of it. I mean, if the Constitution is so great, how come it was amended so many times? Huh? -Dave Barry': 1, 'I like television. I still believe that television is the most powerful form of communication on Earth -- I just hate what is being done with it. -Alton Brown': 1, "You know, there's a million fine looking women in the world, dude. But they don't all bring you lasagna at work. Most of 'em just cheat on you. -Kevin Smith": 1, 'To know what is impenetrable to us really exists, manifesting itself as the highest wisdom and the most radiant beauty...this knowledge, this feeling is at the center of true religiousness. -Albert Einstein': 1, "This is the second most exciting indoor sport, and the other one shouldn't have spectators. -Dick Vertleib": 1, 'Let us not forget that the cultivation of the earth is the most important labor of man. When tillage begins, other arts will follow. The farmers, therefore, are the founders of civilization. -Daniel Webster': 1, 'What is the most important for democracy is not that great fortunes should not exist, but that great fortunes should not remain in the same hands. In that way there are rich men, but they do not form a class. -Alexis de Tocqueville': 1, 'If all our misfortunes were laid in one common heap, whence everyone must take an equal portion, most people would be content to take their own and depart. -Socrates': 1, "If you could kick the person in the pants responsible for most of your trouble, you wouldn't sit for a month. -Theodore Roosevelt": 1, 'Regarding the debate about faith and works: It\x92s like asking which blade in a pair of scissors is most important. -C.S. Lewis': 1, 'To have the reputation of possessing the most perfect social tact, talk to every woman as if you loved her, and to every man as if he bored you. -Oscar Wilde': 1, 'Egalitarians create the most dangerous inequality of all -- inequality of power. Allowing politicians to determine what all other human beings will be allowed to earn is one of the most reckless gambles imaginable. Like the income tax, it may start off being applied only to the rich but it will inevitably reach us all. -Thomas Sowell': 2, 'It is most unwise for people in love to marry. -George Bernard Shaw': 1, 'New knowledge is the most valuable commodity on earth. The more truth we have to work with, the richer we become. -Kurt Vonnegut': 1} 
virus {'For each illness that doctors cure with medicine, they provoke ten in healthy people by inoculating them with the virus that is a thousand times more powerful than any microbe: the idea that one is ill. -Marcel Proust': 1} 
experiences {"Sex without love is a meaningless experience, but as far as meaningless experiences go, it's pretty damn good. -Woody Allen": 1} 
plan {'It must be remembered that there is nothing more difficult to plan, more doubtful of success nor more dangerous to manage than the creation of a new system. For the initiator has the enmity of all who profit by the preservation of the old institution and merely lukewarm defenders in those who would gain by the new one. -Nicolo Machiavelli': 1, 'I wake each morning torn between the desire to improve the world and the desire to enjoy it. It makes it hard to plan the day. -E.B. White': 1} 
eaten {"A 'geek' by definition is someone who eats live animals....I've never eaten live animals. -Crispin Glover": 1} 
nothing {'It must be remembered that there is nothing more difficult to plan, more doubtful of success nor more dangerous to manage than the creation of a new system. For the initiator has the enmity of all who profit by the preservation of the old institution and merely lukewarm defenders in those who would gain by the new one. -Nicolo Machiavelli': 1, 'He who is not courageous enough to take risks will accomplish nothing in life. -Muhammad Ali': 1, "Don't go around saying the world owes you a living. The world owes you nothing. It was here first. -Mark Twain": 1, "Being president is like being a jackass in a hailstorm. There's nothing to do but stand there and take it. -Lyndon B. Johnson": 1, 'Nothing so dates a man as to decry the younger generation. -Adlai Stevenson': 1, 'In any moment of decision, the best thing you can do is the right thing. The worst thing you can do is nothing. -Theodore Roosevelt': 1, 'Freedom is nothing else but a chance to be better. -Albert Camus': 1, 'Nothing separates the generations more than music. By the time a child is eight or nine, he has developed a passion for his own music that is even stronger than his passions for procrastination and weird clothes. -Bill Cosby': 1, 'There is nothing funny about Halloween. This sarcastic festival reflects, rather, an infernal demand for revenge by children on the adult world. -Jean Baudrillard': 1, 'Nothing in the world is more dangerous than sincere ignorance and conscientious stupidity. -Martin Luther King Jr.': 1, 'Nothing gives one person so much advantage over another as to remain always cool and unruffled under all circumstances. -Thomas Jefferson': 1, "Money never made a man happy yet, nor will it. There is nothing in its nature to produce happiness. The more a man has, the more he wants. Instead of its filling a vacuum, it makes one. If it satisfies one want, it doubles and trebles that want another way. That was a true proverb of the wise man, rely upon it; ''Better is little with the fear of the Lord, than great treasure, and trouble therewith. -Benjamin Franklin": 1, 'Wedding: a ceremony at which two persons undertake to become one, one undertakes to become nothing, and nothing undertakes to become supportable. -Ambrose Bierce': 2, 'I have gathered a posie of other men\x92s flowers, and nothing but the thread that binds them is mine own. -John Bartlett': 1, 'The heart has its reasons, of which the mind knows nothing. -Blaise Pascal': 1, 'Education is an admirable thing, but it is well to remember from time to time that nothing that is worth knowing can be taught. -Oscar Wilde': 1, 'Nothing noble is done without risk. -Andr\xe9 Gide': 1, 'Serious sport has nothing to do with fair play. It is bound up with hatred, jealousy, boastfulness, disregard of all rules and sadistic pleasure in witnessing violence. In other words: it is war minus the shooting. -George Orwell': 1, 'Men show their characters in nothing more clearly than in what they think laughable. -Johann Wolfgang von Goethe': 1, 'Never give in--never, never, never, never, in nothing great or small, large or petty, never give in except to convictions of honour and good sense. Never yield to force; never yield to the apparently overwhelming might of the enemy. -Winston Churchill': 1, 'When nothing seems to help, I go and look at a stonecutter hammering away at his rock perhaps a hundred times without as much as a crack showing in it. Yet at the hundred and first blow it will split in two, and I know it was not that blow that did it, but all that had gone before. -Jacob August Riis': 1, 'Nothing that you have not given away will ever be really yours. -C.S. Lewis': 1, 'Government consists in nothing else but so controlling subjects that they shall neither be able to, nor have cause to do it harm. -Nicolo Machiavelli': 1, 'There is nothing more exhilarating than to be shot at without result. -Winston Churchill': 1, "There's nothing sadder in this world than to awake Christmas morning and not be a child. -Erna Bombeck": 1, 'When the human race has once acquired a supersitition nothing short of death is ever likely to remove it. -Mark Twain': 1, "Nothing is wrong with Southern California that a rise in the ocean level wouldn't cure. -Kenneth Millar": 1, 'A man who desires to get married should know either everything or nothing. -Oscar Wilde': 1, 'Experience proves this, or that, or nothing, according to the preconceptions we bring to it. -C.S. Lewis': 1, 'Observe constantly that all things take place by change, and accustom thyself to consider that the nature of the Universe love nothing so much as to change. The Universe is change. -Marcus Aurelius': 1, 'Nothing before had ever made me thoroughly realise, though I had read various scientific books, that science consists in grouping facts so that general laws or conclusions may be drawn from them. -Charles Darwin': 1} 
measured {'The health of a democratic society may be measured by the quality of functions performed by private citizens. -Alexis de Tocqueville': 1} 
approved {"I didn't attend the funeral, but I sent a nice letter saying I approved of it. -Mark Twain": 1} 
achievement {'My most brilliant achievement was my ability to be able to persuade my wife to marry me. -Winston Churchill': 1} 
appear {'It is very easy to tell the difference between man-made and God-made objects. The more you magnify man-made objects, the cruder they look, but the more you magnify God-made objects, the more precise and intricate they appear. -Luther Sutherland': 1} 
alexis de tocqueville {'It is the dissimilarities and inequalities among men which give rise to the notion of honor; as such differences become less, it grows feeble; and when they disappear, it will vanish too. -Alexis de Tocqueville': 1, 'The whole life of an American is passed like a game of chance, a revolutionary crisis, or a battle. -Alexis de Tocqueville': 1, 'The last thing a political party gives up is its vocabulary. -Alexis de Tocqueville': 1, 'What is the most important for democracy is not that great fortunes should not exist, but that great fortunes should not remain in the same hands. In that way there are rich men, but they do not form a class. -Alexis de Tocqueville': 1, 'There is hardly a political question in the United States which does not sooner or later turn into a judicial one. -Alexis de Tocqueville': 1, 'In politics shared hatreds are almost always the basis of friendships. -Alexis de Tocqueville': 1, 'The health of a democratic society may be measured by the quality of functions performed by private citizens. -Alexis de Tocqueville': 1, 'Americans are so enamored of equality, they would rather be equal in slavery than unequal in freedom. -Alexis de Tocqueville': 1, 'The surface of American society is covered with a layer of democratic paint, but from time to time one can see the old aristocratic colours breaking through. -Alexis de Tocqueville': 1} 
unequal {'Americans are so enamored of equality, they would rather be equal in slavery than unequal in freedom. -Alexis de Tocqueville': 1} 
pg {'The MPAA rates this PG-13. It is too vulgar for anyone under 13, and too dumb for anyone over 13. -Roger Ebert': 1} 
bug {'Experts tell us that if the Millennium Bug is not fixed, when the year 2000 arrives, our financial records will be inaccurate, our telephone system will be unreliable, our government will be paralyzed and airline flights will be canceled without warning. In other words, things will be pretty much the same as they are now. -Dave Barry': 1} 
covet {"We all wish to be judged by our peers, by the men 'after our own heart.' Only they really know our mind and only they judge it by standards we fully acknowledge. Theirs is the praise we really covet and the blame we really dread. The little pockets of early Chrstians survived because they cared exclusively for the love of 'the bretheren' and stopped their ears to the opinion of the Pagan society around them. But a circle of criminals, cranks, or perverts survives in just the same way; by becoming deaf to the opinion of the outer world, by discounting it as the chatter of outsiders who 'don't understand,' of the 'conventional,' the 'bourgeois,' the 'Establishment,' of prigs, prudes, and humbugs. -C.S. Lewis": 1} 
sometimes {'The greatest lesson in life is to know that even fools are right sometimes. -Winston Churchill': 1, 'Not only does God play dice, but he sometimes throws them where they cannot be seen. -Stephen Hawking': 1, 'Though I am not naturally honest, I am sometimes by chance. -William Shakespeare': 1, "Of all tyrannies, a tyranny exercised for the good of its victims may be the most oppressive. It may be better to live under robber barons than under omnipotent moral busybodies. The robber baron's cruelty may sometimes sleep, his cupidity may at some point be satiated; but those who torment us for our own good will torment us without end, for they do so with the approval of their own conscience. -C.S. Lewis": 1, 'Back in the old days, most families were close-knit. Grown children and their parents continued to live together, under the same roof, sometimes in the same small, crowded room, year in and year out, until they died, frequently by strangulation. -Dave Barry': 1} 
cover {"Just because I look sexy on the cover of Rolling Stone doesn't mean I'm naughty. -Britney Spears": 1} 
wooer {'It is better to be bold than too circumspect, because fortune is of a sex which likes not a tardy wooer and repulses all who are not ardent. -Nicolo Machiavelli': 1} 
henry mencken {'Every decent man is ashamed of the government he lives under. -Henry Mencken': 1, 'All men are frauds. The only difference between them is that some admit it. I myself deny it. -Henry Mencken': 1, 'It is hard to believe that a man is telling the truth when you know that you would lie if you were in his place. -Henry Mencken': 1, 'The older I grow the more I distrust the familiar doctrine that age brings wisdom. -Henry Mencken': 1, 'Love is the triumph of imagination over intelligence. -Henry Mencken': 1, "We must repsect the other fellow's religion, but only in the sense and to the extent that we respect his theory that his wife is beautiful and his children are smart. -Henry Mencken": 1} 
fashions {'The customs and fashions of men change like leaves on the bough, some of which go and others come. -Dante Alighieri': 1} 
weigh {"Every author should weigh his work and ask, 'Will humanity gain any benefit from it?' -Nachman of Bratslav": 1} 
lying {'On the plus side, death is one of the few things that can be done just as easily lying down. -Woody Allen': 1, ".I had to face the horrible truth: The antitobacco people are lying. Smoking really is cool. And I'm less cool for not doing it. -Tucker Carlson": 1} 
stones {'Science is facts; just as houses are made of stones, so is science made of facts; but a pile of stones is not a house and a collection of facts is not necessarily science. -Henri Poincare': 2} 
particularly {'I always cheer up immensely if an attack is particularly wounding because I think, well, if they attack one personally, it means they have not a single political argument left. -Margaret Thatcher': 1} 
gold {"What is it that makes a complete stranger dive into an icy river to save a solid-gold baby? Maybe we'll never know. -Jack Handey": 1} 
summer {'One swallow does not make a summer. -Aristotle': 1} 
fins {"The only kind of seafood I trust is the fish stick, a totally featureless fish that doesn't have eyeballs or fins. -Dave Barry": 1} 
doctors {'For each illness that doctors cure with medicine, they provoke ten in healthy people by inoculating them with the virus that is a thousand times more powerful than any microbe: the idea that one is ill. -Marcel Proust': 1} 
scattered {"I have a hobby...I have the world's largest collection of sea shells. I keep it scattered on beaches all over the world. Maybe you've seen some of it... -Steven Wright": 1, "What sunshine is to flowers, smiles are to humanity. These are but trifles, to be sure; but scattered along life's pathway, the good they do is inconceivable. -Joseph Addison": 1} 
relation {'No human relation gives one possession in another...every two souls are absolutely different. In friendship and in love, the two side by side raise hands together to find what one cannot reach alone. -Kahlil Gibran': 1} 
havoc {"The puritanism of Christianity has played havoc with the moderation that an enlightened and tolerant critical spirit would have produced. I've noticed that in whatever country, county, town, or other region there is a regulation enjoining temperance, the population seems to be entirely composed of teetotallers and drunkards. There's a Bible on that shelf there. But I keep it next to Voltaire - poison and antidote. -Bertrand Russell": 1} 
timidity {'All men are timid on entering any fight. Whether it is the first or the last fight, all of us are timid. Cowards are those who let their timidity get the better of their manhood. -George Patton': 1} 
carefully {'Love anything and your heart will be wrung and possibly broken. If you want to make sure of keeping it intact you must give it to no one, not even an animal. Wrap it carefully round with hobbies and little luxuries; avoid all entanglements. Lock it up safe in the casket or coffin of your selfishness. But in that casket, safe, dark, motionless, airless, it will change. It will not be broken; it will become unbreakable, impenetrable, irredeemable. To love is to be vulnerable. -C.S. Lewis': 1} 
usurpatory {'The best defense against usurpatory government is an assertive citizenry. -William F. Buckley': 1} 
fine {'A truly great book should be read in youth, again in maturity and once more in old age, as a fine building should be seen by morning light, at noon and by moonlight. -Robertson Davies': 1, 'Idealism is fine, but as it approaches reality, the costs become prohibitive. -William F. Buckley': 1, 'Originality is the fine art of remembering what you hear but forgetting where you heard it. -Laurence Peter': 1, "You know, there's a million fine looking women in the world, dude. But they don't all bring you lasagna at work. Most of 'em just cheat on you. -Kevin Smith": 1, 'Without question, the greatest invention in the history of mankind is beer. Oh, I grant you that the wheel was also a fine invention, but the wheel does not go nearly as well with pizza. -Dave Barry': 1} 
find {'Were it possible for us to wait for ourselves to come into the room, not many of us would find our hearts breaking into flower as we heard the door handle turn. -Rebecca West': 1, 'You find out more about God from the Moral Law than from the univerise in general just as you find out more about a man by listening to his conversation than by looking at a house he has built. -C.S. Lewis': 2, 'Inspiration exists, but it has to find you working. -Pablo Picasso': 1, 'No sooner do we depart from sense and instinct to follow reason but we are insensibly drawn into uncouth paradoxes, difficulties, and inconsistencies, which multiply and grow upon us as we advance in speculation; till at length, having wandered through many intricate mazes, we find ourselves just where we were, or, which is worse, sit down in a forlorn scepticism. -George Berkeley': 1, 'If we will be quiet and ready enough, we shall find compensation in every disappointment. -Henry Thoreau': 1, "You cannot go on 'explaining away' for ever: you will find that you have explained explanation itself away. You cannot go on 'seeing through' things for ever. The whole point of seeing through something is to see something through it. -C.S. Lewis": 1, "To find out a girl's faults, praise her to her girl friends. -Benjamin Franklin": 1, "As a woman, I find it very embarrassing to be in a meeting and realize I'm the only one in the room with balls. -Rita Mae Brown": 1, "When this girl at the museum asked me who I liked better, Monet or Manet, I said, 'I like mayonnaise.' She just stared at me, so I said it again, louder. Then she left. I guess she went to try to find some mayonnaise for me. -Jack Handey": 1, 'No human relation gives one possession in another...every two souls are absolutely different. In friendship and in love, the two side by side raise hands together to find what one cannot reach alone. -Kahlil Gibran': 1, 'I am a strong believer in luck and I find the harder I work the more I have of it. -Benjamin Franklin': 1, 'Do good by stealth, and blush to find it fame. -Alexander Pope': 1, 'Democratic nations must try to find ways to starve the terrorist and the hijacker of the oxygen of publicity on which they depend. -Margaret Thatcher': 1, 'If you start to think about your physical or moral condition, you usually find that you are sick. -Johann Wolfgang von Goethe': 1, "I think it's the duty of the comedian to find out where the line is drawn and cross it deliberately. -George Carlin": 1} 
begets {'Ignorance more frequently begets confidence than does knowledge. -Charles Darwin': 1} 
cell {'We know life is futile. A man who considers that his life is of very wonderful importance is awfully close to a padded cell. -Clarence Darrow': 1} 
flattery {'Imitation is the sincerest of flattery. -Charles Caleb Colton': 1} 
rocket {'Every gun that is made, every warship launched, every rocket fired, signifies in the final sense a theft from those who hunger and are not fed, those who are cold and are not clothed. -Dwight Eisenhower': 1} 
northern {'Washington is a city of Southern efficiency and Northern charm. -John F. Kennedy': 1} 
justice {"Parents are not interested in justice, they're interested in peace and quiet. -Bill Cosby": 1, 'As Mankind becomes more liberal, they will be more apt to allow that all those who conduct themselves as worthy members of the community are equally entitled to the protections of civil government. I hope ever to see America among the foremost nations of justice and liberality. -George Washington': 1, 'Though force can protect in emergency, only justice, fairness, consideration and cooperation can finally lead men to the dawn of eternal peace. -Dwight Eisenhower': 1, 'That the innocent, though they may have some connexion or dependency upon the guilty (which, perhaps, they themselves cannot help), should not, upon that account, suffer or be punished for the guilty, is one of the plainest and most obvious rules of justice. -Adam Smith': 1, 'Children are innocent and love justice, while most adults are wicked and prefer mercy. -GK Chesterton': 1, 'It is the madness of folly, to expect mercy from those who have refused to do justice; and even mercy, where conquest is the object, is only a trick of war; the cunning of the fox is as murderous as the violence of the wolf. -Thomas Paine': 1} 
gambles {'Egalitarians create the most dangerous inequality of all -- inequality of power. Allowing politicians to determine what all other human beings will be allowed to earn is one of the most reckless gambles imaginable. Like the income tax, it may start off being applied only to the rich but it will inevitably reach us all. -Thomas Sowell': 1} 
writer {'I am a writer of books in retrospect. I talk in order to understand; I teach in order to learn. -Robert Frost': 1, "You give me a credit to which I have no claim in calling me 'the writer of the Constitution of the United States.' This was not, like the fabled Goddess of Wisdom, the offspring of a single brain. It ought to be regarded as the work of many heads and many hands. -James Madison": 1} 
unhappy {'As soon as one is unhappy one becomes moral. -Marcel Proust': 1} 
flights {'Experts tell us that if the Millennium Bug is not fixed, when the year 2000 arrives, our financial records will be inaccurate, our telephone system will be unreliable, our government will be paralyzed and airline flights will be canceled without warning. In other words, things will be pretty much the same as they are now. -Dave Barry': 1} 
wayne {"I've got more trophies than Wayne Gretzky & The Pope combined! -Homer Simpson": 1} 
hunter s. thompson {'Call on God, but row away from the rocks. -Hunter S. Thompson': 1} 
pretty {'Experts tell us that if the Millennium Bug is not fixed, when the year 2000 arrives, our financial records will be inaccurate, our telephone system will be unreliable, our government will be paralyzed and airline flights will be canceled without warning. In other words, things will be pretty much the same as they are now. -Dave Barry': 1, "Sex without love is a meaningless experience, but as far as meaningless experiences go, it's pretty damn good. -Woody Allen": 1} 
hardened {'Reason is experimental intelligence, conceived after the pattern of science, and used in the creation of social arts; it has something to do. It liberates man from the bondage of the past, due to ignorance and accident hardened into custom. It projects a better future and assists man in its realization. -John Dewey': 1} 
gills {'Ocean: A body of water occupying 2/3 of a world made for man...who has no gills. -Ambrose Bierce': 1} 
reap {'Those who expect to reap the blessings of freedom must, like men, undergo the fatigue of supporting it. -Thomas Paine': 1} 
his {'Humility must always be the portion of any man who receives acclaim earned in blood of his followers and sacrifices of his friends. -Dwight Eisenhower': 2, 'If the primary aim of a captain were to preserve his ship, he would keep it in port forever. -Thomas Aquinas': 1, 'Man was made for action, and to promote by the exertion of his faculties such changes in the external circumstances both of himself and others, as may seem most favourable to the happiness of all. -Adam Smith': 1, 'Such is the delicacy of man alone, that no object is produced to his liking. He finds that in everything there is need for improvement. The whole industry of human life is employed not in procuring the supply of our three humble necessities, food, clothes and lodging, but in procuring the conveniences of it according to the nicety and delicacy of our tastes. -Adam Smith': 1, "'Tis the business of little minds to shrink, but he whose heart is firm, and whose conscience approves his conduct, will pursue his principles unto death. -Thomas Paine": 2, 'I dote on his very absence. -William Shakespeare': 1, 'God does not give heed to the ambitiousness of our prayers, because he is always ready to give to us his light, not a visible light but an intellectual and spiritual one; but we are not always ready to receive it when we turn aside and down to other things out of a desire for temporal things. -Saint Augustine': 1, "We must repsect the other fellow's religion, but only in the sense and to the extent that we respect his theory that his wife is beautiful and his children are smart. -Henry Mencken": 3, 'Nothing separates the generations more than music. By the time a child is eight or nine, he has developed a passion for his own music that is even stronger than his passions for procrastination and weird clothes. -Bill Cosby': 2, 'When an American says that he loves his country, he means not only that he loves the New England hills, the prairies glistening in the sun, the wide and rising plains, the great mountains, and the sea. He means that he loves an inner air, an inner light in which freedom lives and in which a man can draw the breath of self-respect. -Adlai Stevenson': 1, "Duties are not performed for duty's sake, but because their neglect would make the man uncomfortable. A man performs but one duty - the duty of contenting his spirit, the duty of making himself agreeable to himself. -Mark Twain": 1, 'If a man is called to be a streetsweeper, he should sweep streets even as Michelangelo painted, or Beethoven composed music, or Shakespeare wrote poetry. He should sweep streets so well that all the host of heaven and earth will pause to say, here lived a great streetsweeper who did his job well. -Martin Luther King Jr.': 1, "A man can't be too careful in the choice of his enemies. -Oscar Wilde": 1, 'There are fathers who do not love their children; there is no grandfather who does not adore his grandson. -Victor Hugo': 1, 'Nobody expects to trust his body overmuch after the age of fifty. -Alexander Hamilton': 1, 'I have often wondered how it is that every man loves himself more than all the rest of men, but yet sets less value on his own opinion of himself than on the opinion of others. -Marcus Aurelius': 1, 'He therefore is the truest friend to the liberty of this country who tries most to promote its virtue, and who, so far as his power and influence extend, will not suffer a man to be chosen into any office of power and trust who is not a wise and virtuous man. -Samuel Adams': 1, "Is there anything more beautiful than a beautiful, beautiful flamingo, flying across in front of a beautiful sunset? And he's carrying a beautiful rose in his beak, and also he's carrying a very beautiful painting with his feet. And also, you're drunk. -Jack Handey": 2, "Of all tyrannies, a tyranny exercised for the good of its victims may be the most oppressive. It may be better to live under robber barons than under omnipotent moral busybodies. The robber baron's cruelty may sometimes sleep, his cupidity may at some point be satiated; but those who torment us for our own good will torment us without end, for they do so with the approval of their own conscience. -C.S. Lewis": 1, "A man's very highest moment is, I have no doubt at all, when he kneels in the dust, and beats his breast, and tells all the sins of his life. -Oscar Wilde": 2, 'You find out more about God from the Moral Law than from the univerise in general just as you find out more about a man by listening to his conversation than by looking at a house he has built. -C.S. Lewis': 1, 'I mistrust the judgment of every man in a case in which his own wishes are concerned. -Daniel Webster': 1, 'He that would make his own liberty secure, must guard even his enemy from opposition; for if he violates this duty he establishes a precedent that will reach himself. -Thomas Paine': 2, 'Happy, happy Christmas, that can win us back to the delusions of our childhood days, recall to the old man the pleasures of his youth, and transport the traveler back to his own fireside and quiet home! -Charles Dickens': 2, "Art is man's expression of his joy in labor. -Henry Kissinger": 1, "I had a dream the other night. I dreamed that Jimmy Carter came to me and asked why I wanted his job. I told him I didn't want his job. I want to be President. -Ronald Reagan": 2, 'If a man is proud of his wealth, he should not be praised until it is known how he employs it. -Socrates': 1, 'A Native American elder once described his own inner struggles in this manner: Inside of me there are two dogs. One of the dogs is mean and evil. The other dog is good. The mean dog fights the good dog all the time. When asked which dog wins, he reflected. -George Bernard Shaw': 1, 'Before reciting his prayers, a man should give to charity. -Nachman of Bratslav': 1, "Thus far, the reputed idiot Bush has graduated from Yale and Harvard, made a stack of cash in the oil industry, become the first consecutive-term governor of Texas, defeated a dual-term VP for the presidency, and led his party to [November 5th's] extraordinary triumphs. Let his opponents keep calling him stupid; if they do, within five years Bush will be King of England, the Pope, and world Formula One motor racing champion. -Tim Blair": 2, 'This does not mean that the enemy is to be allowed to escape. The object is to make him believe that there is a road to safety, and thus prevent his fighting with the courage of despair. After that, you may crush him. -Sun Tzu': 1, 'When nothing seems to help, I go and look at a stonecutter hammering away at his rock perhaps a hundred times without as much as a crack showing in it. Yet at the hundred and first blow it will split in two, and I know it was not that blow that did it, but all that had gone before. -Jacob August Riis': 1, 'Surely what a man does when he is caught off his guard is the best evidence as to what sort of man he is. -C.S. Lewis': 1, 'Anyone who invokes authors in discussion is not using his intelligence but his memory. -Leonardo da Vinci': 2, "The movie's director is the pilot. It's his vision. For an actor, the time to worry about flying is when you're on the ground. If you don't want to fly with the director, don't get on the plane. -Denzel Washington": 1, 'Under the doctrine of the separation of powers, the manner in which the president personally exercises his assigned executive powers is not subject to questioning by another branch of government. -Richard Nixon': 1, 'The man who disobeys his parents will have disobedient sons. -Nachman of Bratslav': 1, 'The greatest monarch on the proudest throne is obliged to sit upon his own arse. -Benjamin Franklin': 1, 'The direction in which education starts a man will determine his future life. -Plato': 1, 'The object of war is not to die for your country but to make the other bastard die for his. -George Patton': 1, 'The president cannot escape from his office. -Dwight Eisenhower': 1, "Many a man's reputation would not know his character if they met on the street. -Elbert Hubbard": 1, "It is a good idea to ''shop around'' before you settle on a doctor. Ask about the condition of his Mercedes. Ask about the competence of his mechanic. Don't be shy! After all, you're paying for it. -Dave Barry": 2, 'We know life is futile. A man who considers that his life is of very wonderful importance is awfully close to a padded cell. -Clarence Darrow': 1, 'It is hard to believe that a man is telling the truth when you know that you would lie if you were in his place. -Henry Mencken': 1, "To grasp the full significance of life is the actor's duty, to interpret it is his problem and to express it his dedication. -Marlon Brando": 2, "Ah, yes, divorce...from the Latin word meaning to rip out a man's genitals through his wallet. -Robin Williams": 1, "Every author should weigh his work and ask, 'Will humanity gain any benefit from it?' -Nachman of Bratslav": 1} 
publicity {'Democratic nations must try to find ways to starve the terrorist and the hijacker of the oxygen of publicity on which they depend. -Margaret Thatcher': 1} 
distance {"No distance of place or lapse of time can lessen the friendship of those who are thoroughly persuaded of each other's worth. -Robert Southey": 1, "Don't let people drive you crazy when you know it's in walking distance. -Author Unknown": 1} 
express {"To grasp the full significance of life is the actor's duty, to interpret it is his problem and to express it his dedication. -Marlon Brando": 1, "My role in society, or any artist's or poet's role, is to try and express what we all feel. Not to tell people how to feel. Not as a preacher, not as a leader, but as a reflection of us all. -John Lennon": 1} 
trees {'Christmas can be celebrated in the school room with pine trees, tinsel and reindeers, but there must be no mention of the man whose birthday is being celebrated. One wonders how a teacher would answer if a student asked why it was called Christmas. -Ronald Reagan': 1, 'How did it happen that their lips came together? How does it happen that birds sing, that snow melts, that the rose unfolds, that the dawn whitens behind the stark shapes of trees on the quivering summit of the hill? A kiss, and all was said. -Victor Hugo': 1} 
famous {"I'm never going to be famous. My name will never be writ large on the roster of Those Who Do Things. I don't do any thing. Not one single thing. I used to bite my nails, but I don't even do that any more. -Dorothy Parker": 1, 'Andy Warhol made fame more famous. -Fran Lebowitz': 1, 'For a time, at least, I was the most famous person in the entire world. -Jesse Owens': 1} 
remedy {'Maturity is a bitter disappointment for which no remedy exists, unless laughter can be said to remedy anything. -Kurt Vonnegut': 2} 
courage {'Some of your countrymen were unable to distinguish between their native dislike for war and the stainless patriotism of those who suffered its scars. But there has been a rethinking and now we can say to you, and say as a nation, thank you for your courage. -Ronald Reagan': 1, 'Without courage, wisdom bears no fruit. -Baltasar Gracian': 1, 'This does not mean that the enemy is to be allowed to escape. The object is to make him believe that there is a road to safety, and thus prevent his fighting with the courage of despair. After that, you may crush him. -Sun Tzu': 1, 'It takes a lot of courage to show your dreams to someone else. -Erna Bombeck': 1} 
breast {"A man's very highest moment is, I have no doubt at all, when he kneels in the dust, and beats his breast, and tells all the sins of his life. -Oscar Wilde": 1} 
pretending {'Fatherhood is pretending the present you love most is soap on-a-rope. -Bill Cosby': 1} 
shared {'In politics shared hatreds are almost always the basis of friendships. -Alexis de Tocqueville': 1} 
him {"I think a good gift for the president would be a chocolate revolver. And since he's so busy, you'd probably have to run up to him and hand it to him. -Jack Handey": 2, 'Imagination is a quality given a man to compensate him for what he is not, and a sense of humor was provided to console him for what he is. -Oscar Wilde': 2, "If your kid makes one of those little homemade guitars out of a cigar box and rubber bands, don't let him just play it once or twice and then throw it away. Make him practice on it, every day, for about three hours a day. Later, he'll thank you. -Jack Handey": 2, "God help the man who won't marry until he finds a perfect woman, and God help him still more if he finds her. -Benjamin Tillet": 1, 'My main objective is to be professional but to kill him. -Mike Tyson': 1, 'Against criticism a man can neither protest nor defend himself; he must act in spite of it, and then it will gradually yield to him. -Johann Wolfgang von Goethe': 1, 'Alexander, Caesar, Charlemagne, and myself founded empires; but what foundation did we rest the creations of our genius? Upon force. Jesus Christ founded an empire upon love; and at this hour millions of men would die for Him. -Napoleon Bonaparte': 1, "I had a dream the other night. I dreamed that Jimmy Carter came to me and asked why I wanted his job. I told him I didn't want his job. I want to be President. -Ronald Reagan": 1, "Thus far, the reputed idiot Bush has graduated from Yale and Harvard, made a stack of cash in the oil industry, become the first consecutive-term governor of Texas, defeated a dual-term VP for the presidency, and led his party to [November 5th's] extraordinary triumphs. Let his opponents keep calling him stupid; if they do, within five years Bush will be King of England, the Pope, and world Formula One motor racing champion. -Tim Blair": 1, 'This does not mean that the enemy is to be allowed to escape. The object is to make him believe that there is a road to safety, and thus prevent his fighting with the courage of despair. After that, you may crush him. -Sun Tzu': 2, 'A powerful idea communicates some of its strength to him who challenges it. -Marcel Proust': 1, 'Let him who desires peace prepare for war. -Vegetius': 1, "Don't marry a man to reform him - that's what reform schools are for. -Mae West": 1, 'The object of teaching a child is to enable him to get along without a teacher. -Elbert Hubbard': 1, 'He who is of calm and happy nature will hardly feel the pressure of age, but to him who is of an opposite disposition youth and age are equally a burden. -Plato': 1} 
alexander {'Alexander, Caesar, Charlemagne, and myself founded empires; but what foundation did we rest the creations of our genius? Upon force. Jesus Christ founded an empire upon love; and at this hour millions of men would die for Him. -Napoleon Bonaparte': 1} 
enemy {"No side will win the Battle of the Sexes. There's too much fraternizing with the enemy. -Henry Kissinger": 1, 'He that would make his own liberty secure, must guard even his enemy from opposition; for if he violates this duty he establishes a precedent that will reach himself. -Thomas Paine': 1, 'War - an act of violence whose object is to constrain the enemy, to accomplish our will. -George Washington': 1, 'Demoralize the enemy from within by surprise, terror, sabotage, assassination. This is the war of the future. -Adolf Hitler': 1, 'If tyranny and oppression come to this land, it will be in the guise of fighting a foreign enemy. -James Madison': 1, 'Never give in--never, never, never, never, in nothing great or small, large or petty, never give in except to convictions of honour and good sense. Never yield to force; never yield to the apparently overwhelming might of the enemy. -Winston Churchill': 1, 'This does not mean that the enemy is to be allowed to escape. The object is to make him believe that there is a road to safety, and thus prevent his fighting with the courage of despair. After that, you may crush him. -Sun Tzu': 1} 
insensibly {'No sooner do we depart from sense and instinct to follow reason but we are insensibly drawn into uncouth paradoxes, difficulties, and inconsistencies, which multiply and grow upon us as we advance in speculation; till at length, having wandered through many intricate mazes, we find ourselves just where we were, or, which is worse, sit down in a forlorn scepticism. -George Berkeley': 1} 
progressive {"We all want progress, but if you're on the wrong road, progress means doing an about-turn and walking back to the right road; in that case, the man who turns back soonest is the most progressive. -C.S. Lewis": 1} 
repulses {'It is better to be bold than too circumspect, because fortune is of a sex which likes not a tardy wooer and repulses all who are not ardent. -Nicolo Machiavelli': 1} 
medicines {'Money can help you to get medicines but not health. Money can help you to get soft pillows, but not sound sleep. Money can help you to get material comforts, but not eternal bliss. Money can help you to get ornaments, but not beauty. Money will help you to get an electric earphone, but not natural hearing. Attain the supreme wealth, wisdom, and you will have everything. -Benjamin Franklin': 1} 
civilized {'This will never be a civilized country until we expend more money for books than we do for chewing gum. -Elbert Hubbard': 1} 
remove {'It is better to keep your mouth closed and let people think you are a fool than to open it and remove all doubt. -Mark Twain': 1, 'When the human race has once acquired a supersitition nothing short of death is ever likely to remove it. -Mark Twain': 1} 
bird {"I planted some bird seed. A bird came up. Now I don't know what to feed it. -Steven Wright": 2} 
sacrifices {'Humility must always be the portion of any man who receives acclaim earned in blood of his followers and sacrifices of his friends. -Dwight Eisenhower': 1} 
common {'The philosophy of one century is the common sense of the next. -Henry Ward Beecher': 1, 'If all our misfortunes were laid in one common heap, whence everyone must take an equal portion, most people would be content to take their own and depart. -Socrates': 1, 'The art of being happy lies in the power of extracting happiness from common things. -Henry Ward Beecher': 1, 'America is not like a blanket: one piece of unbroken cloth, the same color, the same texture, the same size. America is more like a quilt: many patches, many pieces, many colors, many sizes, all woven and held together by a common thread. -Jesse Jackson': 1} 
switzerland {'You know what the fellow said: In Italy for thirty years under the Borgias they had warfare, terror, murder, and bloodshed, but they produced Michaelangelo, Leonardo Da Vinci, and the Renaissance. In Switzerland, they had brotherly love--they had five hundred years of democracy and peace, and what did they produce? The cuckoo clock. -Orson Welles': 1} 
doubles {'The good thing about being bisexual is that it doubles your chance of a date on a Saturday night. -Woody Allen': 1, "Money never made a man happy yet, nor will it. There is nothing in its nature to produce happiness. The more a man has, the more he wants. Instead of its filling a vacuum, it makes one. If it satisfies one want, it doubles and trebles that want another way. That was a true proverb of the wise man, rely upon it; ''Better is little with the fear of the Lord, than great treasure, and trouble therewith. -Benjamin Franklin": 1} 
river {"What is it that makes a complete stranger dive into an icy river to save a solid-gold baby? Maybe we'll never know. -Jack Handey": 1, 'Let the river roll which way it will, cities will rise on its banks. -Ralph Waldo Emerson': 1} 
kin hubbard {"Don't knock the weather; nine-tenths of the people couldn't start a conversation if it didn't change once in a while. -Kin Hubbard": 1} 
wrote {'If a man is called to be a streetsweeper, he should sweep streets even as Michelangelo painted, or Beethoven composed music, or Shakespeare wrote poetry. He should sweep streets so well that all the host of heaven and earth will pause to say, here lived a great streetsweeper who did his job well. -Martin Luther King Jr.': 1, 'No man but a blockhead ever wrote, except for money. -Samuel Johnson': 1} 
proportion {'Liberty exists in proportion to wholesome restraint. -Daniel Webster': 1} 
set {'Even if there is only one possible unified theory, it is just a set of rules and equations. What is it that breathes fire into the equations and makes a universe for them to describe? -Stephen Hawking': 1, 'A star on a movie set is like a time bomb. That bomb has got to be defused so people can approach it without fear. -Jack Nicholson': 1, 'Let us now set forth one of the fundamental truths about marriage: the wife is in charge. -Bill Cosby': 1, "It does not require a majority to prevail, but rather an irate, tireless minority keen to set brush fires in people's minds. -Samuel Adams": 1, 'You are never too old to set another goal or to dream a new dream. -C.S. Lewis': 1} 
art {'The art of being happy lies in the power of extracting happiness from common things. -Henry Ward Beecher': 1, 'People can misinterpret almost anything so that it coincides with views they already hold. They take from art what they already believe. -Stanley Kubrick': 1, 'Of all lies, art is the least untrue. -Gustave Flaubert': 1, "Art is man's expression of his joy in labor. -Henry Kissinger": 1, 'Poetry is the art of creating imaginary gardens with real toads. -Marianne Moore': 1, 'All art is but imitation of nature. -Lucius Annaeus Seneca': 1, 'In life, as in art, the beautiful moves in curves. -Edward Bulwer-Lytton': 1, "Life is not a support system for art. It's the other way around. -Stephen King": 1, "The practice of art isn't to make a living. It's to make your soul grow. -Kurt Vonnegut": 1, 'There are painters who transform the sun to a yellow spot, but there are others who with the help of their art and their intelligence, transform a yellow spot into the sun. -Pablo Picasso': 1, "I don't work according to nature, but infront and together with it. An artist must observe the nature, but never confuse it with the art. -Pablo Picasso": 1, 'All good art is about something deeper than it admits. -Roger Ebert': 1, 'Art, like morality, consists in drawing the line somewhere. -GK Chesterton': 1, 'Originality is the fine art of remembering what you hear but forgetting where you heard it. -Laurence Peter': 1} 
achieved {'Man [has] always assumed that he was more intelligent than dolphins because he had achieved so much-the wheel, New York, wars and so on-while all the dolphins had ever done was muck about in the water having a good time. But conversely, the dolphins had always believed that they were far more intelligent than man-for precisely the same reason. -Douglas Adams': 1} 
intelligence {'A great deal of intelligence can be invested in ignorance when the need for illusion is deep. -Saul Bellow': 1, 'Reason is experimental intelligence, conceived after the pattern of science, and used in the creation of social arts; it has something to do. It liberates man from the bondage of the past, due to ignorance and accident hardened into custom. It projects a better future and assists man in its realization. -John Dewey': 1, 'Love is the triumph of imagination over intelligence. -Henry Mencken': 1, 'Anyone who invokes authors in discussion is not using his intelligence but his memory. -Leonardo da Vinci': 1, 'There are painters who transform the sun to a yellow spot, but there are others who with the help of their art and their intelligence, transform a yellow spot into the sun. -Pablo Picasso': 1} 
arrives {'Experts tell us that if the Millennium Bug is not fixed, when the year 2000 arrives, our financial records will be inaccurate, our telephone system will be unreliable, our government will be paralyzed and airline flights will be canceled without warning. In other words, things will be pretty much the same as they are now. -Dave Barry': 1} 
sex {'Children today know more about sex than I or my father did. -Bill Cosby': 1, "Remember, if you smoke after sex you're doing it too fast. -Woody Allen": 1, 'The difference between sex and death is that with death you can do it alone and no one is going to make fun of you. -Woody Allen': 1, 'It is better to be bold than too circumspect, because fortune is of a sex which likes not a tardy wooer and repulses all who are not ardent. -Nicolo Machiavelli': 1, 'Philosophy is to the real world as masturbation is to sex. -Karl Marx': 1, "Sex without love is a meaningless experience, but as far as meaningless experiences go, it's pretty damn good. -Woody Allen": 1, 'Sex at age ninety is like trying to shoot pool with a rope. -George Burns': 1, 'Remember when safe sex meant not getting caught? -Author Unknown': 1, 'Sex is emotion in motion. -Mae West': 1, 'Women need a reason to have sex -- men just need a place. -Billy Crystal': 1, "I like to say that I'm bisexual...when I want sex, I buy it. -Boy George": 1} 
see {"You cannot go on 'explaining away' for ever: you will find that you have explained explanation itself away. You cannot go on 'seeing through' things for ever. The whole point of seeing through something is to see something through it. -C.S. Lewis": 1, 'If you see ten troubles coming down the road, you can be sure that nine will run into the ditch before they reach you. -Calvin Coolidge': 1, 'I believe in Christianity as I believe that the sun has risen, not only because I see it, but because by it I see everything else. -C.S. Lewis': 2, 'As Mankind becomes more liberal, they will be more apt to allow that all those who conduct themselves as worthy members of the community are equally entitled to the protections of civil government. I hope ever to see America among the foremost nations of justice and liberality. -George Washington': 1, 'I never see what has been done; I only see what remains to be done. -Siddhartha Buddha': 2, "I love Thanksgiving. It's the only time in Los Angeles that you see natural breasts. -Arnold Schwarzenegger": 1, "When I see a play and understand it the first time, then I know it can't be much good. -T.S. Eliot": 1, 'I arrive at the end of this review having done my duty as a critic. I have described the movie accurately and you have a good idea what you are in for if you go to see it. Most of you will not. I cannot argue with you. Some of you will--the brave and the curious. You embody the spirit of the man who first wondered what it would taste like to eat an oyster. -Roger Ebert': 1, 'My aim is to put down on paper what I see and what I feel in the best and simplest way. -Ernest Hemingway': 1, "Some folks look at me and see a certain swagger, which in Texas is called 'walking.' -George W. Bush": 1, 'The surface of American society is covered with a layer of democratic paint, but from time to time one can see the old aristocratic colours breaking through. -Alexis de Tocqueville': 1, 'You must be the change you wish to see in the world. -Mahatma Gandhi': 1} 
defense {'The means of defense against foreign danger historically have become the instruments of tyranny at home. -James Madison': 1, 'The best defense against usurpatory government is an assertive citizenry. -William F. Buckley': 1} 
dumb {'The MPAA rates this PG-13. It is too vulgar for anyone under 13, and too dumb for anyone over 13. -Roger Ebert': 1} 
are {'Facts do not cease to exist because they are ignored. -Aldous Huxley': 1, "When we're unemployed, we're called lazy; when the whites are unemployed it's called a depression. -Jesse Jackson": 1, 'We live in an age when unnecessary things are our only necessities. -Oscar Wilde': 1, 'As Mankind becomes more liberal, they will be more apt to allow that all those who conduct themselves as worthy members of the community are equally entitled to the protections of civil government. I hope ever to see America among the foremost nations of justice and liberality. -George Washington': 1, 'Women are the only realists; their whole object in life is to pit their realism against the extravagant, excessive, and occasionally drunken idealism of men. -GK Chesterton': 1, 'We know too much, and are convinced of too little. Our literature is a substitute for religion, and so is our religion. -T.S. Eliot': 1, 'God does not give heed to the ambitiousness of our prayers, because he is always ready to give to us his light, not a visible light but an intellectual and spiritual one; but we are not always ready to receive it when we turn aside and down to other things out of a desire for temporal things. -Saint Augustine': 1, 'All men are frauds. The only difference between them is that some admit it. I myself deny it. -Henry Mencken': 1, 'Those who believe they are exclusively in the right are generally those who achieve something. -Aldous Huxley': 2, 'There are three ingredients in the good life: learning, earning and yearning. -Christopher Morley': 1, 'There are several good protections against temptation, but the surest is cowardice. -Mark Twain': 1, 'Certain thoughts are prayers. There are moments when, whatever be the attitude of the body, the soul is on its knees. -Victor Hugo': 2, 'Through pride we are ever deceiving ourselves. But deep down below the surface of the average conscience a still, small voice says to us, something is out of tune. -Carl Jung': 1, 'It is better to be bold than too circumspect, because fortune is of a sex which likes not a tardy wooer and repulses all who are not ardent. -Nicolo Machiavelli': 1, "There are people who put their dreams in a little box and say, Yes, I've got dreams, of course I've got dreams. Then they put the box away and bring it out once in awhile to look in it, and yep, they're still there. -Erna Bombeck": 1, "Being a leader is like being a lady, if you have to go around telling people you are one, you aren't. -Margaret Thatcher": 1, 'No human relation gives one possession in another...every two souls are absolutely different. In friendship and in love, the two side by side raise hands together to find what one cannot reach alone. -Kahlil Gibran': 1, 'There are three rules for writing a novel. Unfortunately, no one knows what they are. -W. Somerset Maugham': 2, 'Whatever affects one directly, affects all indirectly. I can never be what I ought to be until you are what you ought to be. This is the interrelated structure of reality. -Martin Luther King Jr.': 1, "Those who are preoccupied with 'making a statement' usually don't have any statements worth making. -Thomas Sowell": 1, 'We are living in a world, where what we earn is a function of what we learn. -Bill Clinton': 1, 'The first principle is that you must not fool yourself - and you are the easiest person to fool. -Richard P. Feynman': 1, 'On account of being a democracy and run by the people, we are the only nation in the world that has to keep a government four years, no matter what it does. -Will Rogers': 1, 'Being is desirable because it is identical with Beauty, and Beauty is loved because it is Being. We ourselves possess Beauty when we are true to our own being; ugliness is in going over to another order; knowing ourselves, we are beautiful; in self-ignorance, we are ugly. -Ambrose Bierce': 3, 'We are what we repeatedly do. Excellence, therefore, is not an act, but a habit. -Aristotle': 1, "Having someone wonder where you are when you don't come home at night is a very old human need. -Margaret Mead": 1, 'The covers of this book are too far apart. -Ambrose Bierce': 1, "A grandmother pretends she doesn't know who you are on Halloween. -Erna Bombeck": 1, 'Men marry because they are tired; women because they are curious. Both are disappointed. -Oscar Wilde': 3, 'It is better to keep your mouth closed and let people think you are a fool than to open it and remove all doubt. -Mark Twain': 1, 'Rhis is to be asserted in general of men: that they are ungrateful, fickle, false, cowardly, covetous, and as long as you succeed, are yours entirely; they will offer you their blood, property, life, and children...when the need is far distant; but when it approaches, they will turn against you. -Nicolo Machiavelli': 2, 'All children are artists. The problem is how to remain an artist once he grows up. -Pablo Picasso': 1, "You can't build a reputation on what you are going to do. -Henry Ford": 1, 'To you taxpayers out there, let me say this: Make sure you file your tax return on time! And remember that, even though income taxes can be a \x93pain in the neck,\x94 the folks at the IRS are regular people just like you, except that they can destroy your life. -Dave Barry': 1, 'There is hope for the future because God has a sense of humor and we are funny to God. -Bill Cosby': 1, "Parents are not interested in justice, they're interested in peace and quiet. -Bill Cosby": 1, 'Freedom is not something that anybody can be given; freedom is something people take and people are as free as they want to be. -James Baldwin': 1, 'You are young, my son, and, as the years go by, time will change and even reverse many of your present opinions. Refrain therefore awhile from setting yourself up as a judge of the highest matters. -Plato': 1, 'Of all bad men religious bad men are the worst. -C.S. Lewis': 1, 'Many who seem to be struggling with adversity are happy; many, amid great affluence, are utterly miserable. -Tacitus': 2, 'I hope that when you are my age, you will be able to say as I have been able to say: We lived in freedom. We lived lives that were a statement, not an apology. -Ronald Reagan': 1, 'Errors of haste are seldom committed singly. The first time a man always does too much. And precisely on that account he commits a second error, and then he does too little. -Friedrich Nietzsche': 1, 'The greatest lesson in life is to know that even fools are right sometimes. -Winston Churchill': 1, 'The eyes of the world are upon you. The hopes and prayers of liberty-loving people everywhere march with you. -Dwight Eisenhower': 1, "One thing they never tell you about child raising is that for the rest of your life, at the drop of a hat, you are expected to know your child's name and how old he or she is. -Erna Bombeck": 1, "Why are people's ''deepest desires'' always so shallow? -Author Unknown": 1, "Duties are not performed for duty's sake, but because their neglect would make the man uncomfortable. A man performs but one duty - the duty of contenting his spirit, the duty of making himself agreeable to himself. -Mark Twain": 1, 'Every gun that is made, every warship launched, every rocket fired, signifies in the final sense a theft from those who hunger and are not fed, those who are cold and are not clothed. -Dwight Eisenhower': 3, "It's not how old you are, it's how hard you work at it. -Jonah Barrington": 1, 'In politics shared hatreds are almost always the basis of friendships. -Alexis de Tocqueville': 1, 'I mistrust the judgment of every man in a case in which his own wishes are concerned. -Daniel Webster': 1, 'Have children while your parents are still young enough to take care of them. -Rita Rudner': 1, 'What we are today comes from our thoughts of yesterday and our present thoughts build our life tomorrow. Our life is the creation of our mind. -Siddhartha Buddha': 1, 'Of course the people dont want war...that is understood. But voice or no voice, the people can always be brought to the bidding of the leaders. That is easy. All you have to do is tell them they are being attacked, and denounce the pacifists for lack of patriotism and exposing the country to danger. It works the same in any country. -Hermann Goering': 1, 'We are never deceived; we deceive ourselves. -Johann Wolfgang von Goethe': 1, 'A Native American elder once described his own inner struggles in this manner: Inside of me there are two dogs. One of the dogs is mean and evil. The other dog is good. The mean dog fights the good dog all the time. When asked which dog wins, he reflected. -George Bernard Shaw': 1, 'Mothers are fonder than fathers of their children because they are more certain they are their own. -Aristotle': 3, 'Character is what you are in the dark. -John Whorfin': 1, 'The ACLU is always yakking about the Constitution, and most of us are getting mighty tired of it. I mean, if the Constitution is so great, how come it was amended so many times? Huh? -Dave Barry': 1, 'Some succeed by what they know; some by what they do; and a few by what they are. -Elbert Hubbard': 1, 'Rings and jewels are not gifts but apologies for gifts. The only true gift is a portion of yourself. -Ralph Waldo Emerson': 1, 'Let us not forget that the cultivation of the earth is the most important labor of man. When tillage begins, other arts will follow. The farmers, therefore, are the founders of civilization. -Daniel Webster': 1, 'Show me your hands. Do they have scars from giving? Show me your feet. Are they wounded in service? Show me your heart. Have you left a place for divine love? -Fulton J. Sheen': 1, 'Children are innocent and love justice, while most adults are wicked and prefer mercy. -GK Chesterton': 2, 'From kindergarten to graduation, I went to public schools, and I know that they are a key to being sure that every child has a chance to succeed and to rise in the world. -Dick Cheney': 1, 'The thing we all have to understand to put these last two years in focus, is that liberals in this country care more about whether European leaders like us than they do about whether terrorists are killing us. -Rush Limbaugh': 1, "Many of life's failures are people who did not realize how close they were to success when they gave up. -Thomas Edison": 1, 'She is not perfect. You are not perfect. The question is whether or not you are perfect for each other. -Robin Williams': 2, 'Ten people who speak make more noise than ten thousand who are silent. -Napoleon Bonaparte': 1, 'If you start to think about your physical or moral condition, you usually find that you are sick. -Johann Wolfgang von Goethe': 1, 'Experts tell us that if the Millennium Bug is not fixed, when the year 2000 arrives, our financial records will be inaccurate, our telephone system will be unreliable, our government will be paralyzed and airline flights will be canceled without warning. In other words, things will be pretty much the same as they are now. -Dave Barry': 1, 'No sooner do we depart from sense and instinct to follow reason but we are insensibly drawn into uncouth paradoxes, difficulties, and inconsistencies, which multiply and grow upon us as we advance in speculation; till at length, having wandered through many intricate mazes, we find ourselves just where we were, or, which is worse, sit down in a forlorn scepticism. -George Berkeley': 1, 'My friends are my estate. -Emily Dickinson': 1, "If a woman has to choose between catching a fly ball and saving an infant's life, she will choose to save the infant's life without even considering if there are men on base. -Dave Barry": 1, "Talent alone won't make you a success. Neither will being in the right place at the right time, unless you are ready. The most important question is: 'Are you ready?' -Johnny Carson": 2, 'In the long run, we shape our lives and we shape ourselves. The process never ends until we die, and the choices that we make are ultimately our responsibility. -Eleanor Roosevelt': 1, "What sunshine is to flowers, smiles are to humanity. These are but trifles, to be sure; but scattered along life's pathway, the good they do is inconceivable. -Joseph Addison": 2, 'He who is of calm and happy nature will hardly feel the pressure of age, but to him who is of an opposite disposition youth and age are equally a burden. -Plato': 1, 'If we command our wealth, we shall be rich and free; if our wealth commands us, we are poor indeed. -Edmund Burke': 1, "Unless the religious claims of the Bible are again acknowledged, its literary claims will, I think, be given only 'mouth honour' and that decreasingly. -C.S. Lewis": 1, 'There are painters who transform the sun to a yellow spot, but there are others who with the help of their art and their intelligence, transform a yellow spot into the sun. -Pablo Picasso': 2, 'Analyzing humor is like dissecting a frog. Few people are interested and the frog dies of it. -E.B. White': 1, 'Christ died for men precisely because men are not worth dying for; to make them worth it. -C.S. Lewis': 1, "Life's most persistent and urgent question is, 'What are you doing for others?' -Martin Luther King Jr.": 1, 'We are all worms, but I do believe I am a glow-worm. -Winston Churchill': 1, 'There are men in all ages who mean to govern well, but they mean to govern. They promise to be good masters, but they mean to be masters. -Daniel Webster': 1, 'All men are timid on entering any fight. Whether it is the first or the last fight, all of us are timid. Cowards are those who let their timidity get the better of their manhood. -George Patton': 3, "Don't join the book burners. Do not think you are going to conceal thoughts by concealing evidence that they ever existed. -Dwight Eisenhower": 1, "The statistics on sanity are that one out of every four Americans are suffering from some form of mental illness. Think of your three best friends. If they're okay, then it's you. -Rita Mae Brown": 2, 'I arrive at the end of this review having done my duty as a critic. I have described the movie accurately and you have a good idea what you are in for if you go to see it. Most of you will not. I cannot argue with you. Some of you will--the brave and the curious. You embody the spirit of the man who first wondered what it would taste like to eat an oyster. -Roger Ebert': 1, ".I had to face the horrible truth: The antitobacco people are lying. Smoking really is cool. And I'm less cool for not doing it. -Tucker Carlson": 1, 'There are very few monsters who warrant the fear we have of them. -Andr\xe9 Gide': 1, "One of the great attractions of patriotism -- it fulfills our worst wishes. In the person of our nation we are able, vicariously, to bully and cheat. Bully and cheat, what's more, with a feeling that we are profoundly virtuous. -Aldous Huxley": 2, 'The greatest thing in this world is not so much where we are, but in what direction we are moving. -Oliver Wendell Holmes': 2, "There cannot be true democracy unless women's voices are heard. -Hillary Clinton": 1, "There are some who've forgotten why we have a military. It's not to promote war; it's to be prepared for peace. -Ronald Reagan": 1, 'What is the most important for democracy is not that great fortunes should not exist, but that great fortunes should not remain in the same hands. In that way there are rich men, but they do not form a class. -Alexis de Tocqueville': 1, "Speeches are for the younger men who are going places. And I'm not going anyplace except six feet under the floor of that little chapel adjoining the museum and library at Abilene. -Dwight Eisenhower": 2, "God's colors all are fast. -John Greenleaf Whittier": 1, 'Trust the people. This is the one irrefutable lesson of the entire postwar period contradicting the notion that rigid government controls are essential to economic development. -Ronald Reagan': 1, 'To be what we are, and to become what we are capable of becoming, is the only end of life. -Robert Louis Stevenson': 2, 'There are no secrets to success. It is the result of preparation, hard work, and learning from failure. -Colin Powell': 1, 'In Heaven all the interesting people are missing. -Friedrich Nietzsche': 1, 'No easy problem ever comes to the President of the United States. If they are easy to solve, somebody else has solved them. -John F. Kennedy': 1, "Most football teams are temperamental. That's 90% temper and 10% mental. -Doug Plank": 1, 'Men are born ignorant, not stupid; they are made stupid by education. -Bertrand Russell': 2, "Don't marry a man to reform him - that's what reform schools are for. -Mae West": 1, "We must repsect the other fellow's religion, but only in the sense and to the extent that we respect his theory that his wife is beautiful and his children are smart. -Henry Mencken": 1, 'The things that will destroy America are prosperity at any price, peace at any price, safety first instead of duty first, the love of soft living and the get rich quick theory of life. -Theodore Roosevelt': 1, 'You are never too old to set another goal or to dream a new dream. -C.S. Lewis': 1, 'Black holes are where God divided by zero. -Steven Wright': 1, 'There are fathers who do not love their children; there is no grandfather who does not adore his grandson. -Victor Hugo': 1, 'We are healed from suffering only by experiencing it to the full. -Marcel Proust': 1, 'The broad masses of a population are more amenable to the appeal of rhetoric than to any other force. -Adolf Hitler': 1, 'All enterprises that are entered into with indiscreet zeal may be pursued with great vigor at first, but are sure to collapse in the end. -Tacitus': 2, 'When we die, our bodies are buried. When we live, our souls are buried. -Jason Mechalek': 2, 'Probable impossibilities are to be preferred to improbable possibilities. -Aristotle': 1, "No distance of place or lapse of time can lessen the friendship of those who are thoroughly persuaded of each other's worth. -Robert Southey": 1, 'In any fairly large and talkative community such as a university there is always the danger that those who think alike should gravitate together where they will henceforth encounter opposition only in the emasculated form of rumour that the outsiders say thus and thus. The absent are easily refuted, complacent dogmatism thrives, and differences of opinion are embittered by the group hostility. Each group hears not the best, but the worst, that the other group can say. -C.S. Lewis': 2, 'There are perhaps no days of our childhood we lived so fully as those we spent with a favorite book. -Marcel Proust': 1, 'Nature is trying very hard to make us succeed, but nature does not depend on us. We are not the only experiment. -Buckminster Fuller': 1, 'Reason and judgment are the qualities of a leader. -Tacitus': 1, 'If you are resolutely determined to make a lawyer of yourself, the thing is more than half done already. -Abraham Lincoln': 1, 'In the Orthodox spiritual tradition, the ultimate moral question we ask is the following: Is what we are doing, is what I am doing, beautiful or not? -Carolyn Gifford': 1, 'Are you entitled to the fruits of your labor or does government have some presumptive right to spend and spend and spend? -Ronald Reagan': 1, 'Most modern freedom is at root fear. It is not so much that we are too bold to endure rules; it is rather that we are too timid to endure responsibilities. -GK Chesterton': 2, 'The greatest happiness of life is the conviction that we are loved, loved for ourselves, or rather, loved in spite of ourselves. -Victor Hugo': 1, 'Film lovers are sick people. -Francois Truffaut': 1, 'There are a thousand hacking at the branches of evil to one who is striking at the root. -Henry Thoreau': 1, 'Those who forget good and evil and seek only to know the facts are more likely to achieve good than those who view the world through the distorting medium of their own desires. -Bertrand Russell': 1, 'Three grand essentials to happiness in this life are something to do, something to love, and something to hope for. -Joseph Addison': 1, 'I like your Christ, I do not like your Christians. Your Christians are so unlike your Christ. -Mahatma Gandhi': 1, "The days of looking the other way while despotic regimes trample human rights, rob their nations' wealth, and then excuse their failings by feeding their people a steady diet of anti-Western hatred are over. -Dick Cheney": 1, 'Americans are so enamored of equality, they would rather be equal in slavery than unequal in freedom. -Alexis de Tocqueville': 1, 'Science is facts; just as houses are made of stones, so is science made of facts; but a pile of stones is not a house and a collection of facts is not necessarily science. -Henri Poincare': 1} 
sea {"I have a hobby...I have the world's largest collection of sea shells. I keep it scattered on beaches all over the world. Maybe you've seen some of it... -Steven Wright": 1, 'When an American says that he loves his country, he means not only that he loves the New England hills, the prairies glistening in the sun, the wide and rising plains, the great mountains, and the sea. He means that he loves an inner air, an inner light in which freedom lives and in which a man can draw the breath of self-respect. -Adlai Stevenson': 1} 
close {'We know life is futile. A man who considers that his life is of very wonderful importance is awfully close to a padded cell. -Clarence Darrow': 1, 'Back in the old days, most families were close-knit. Grown children and their parents continued to live together, under the same roof, sometimes in the same small, crowded room, year in and year out, until they died, frequently by strangulation. -Dave Barry': 1, "I've worked for four presidents and watched two others up close, and I know that there's no such thing as a routine day in the Oval Office. -Dick Cheney": 1, "Many of life's failures are people who did not realize how close they were to success when they gave up. -Thomas Edison": 1} 
jason mechalek {"Blood is the ink of our life's story. -Jason Mechalek": 1, "If you wanna be free, you've gotta accept everything. -Jason Mechalek": 1, 'A brain has to digest its food, too. -Jason Mechalek': 1, 'When we die, our bodies are buried. When we live, our souls are buried. -Jason Mechalek': 1} 
feared {'An oppressive government is more to be feared than a tiger. -Confucius': 1} 
repairs {"You should do your own car repairs. It's an easy way to save money and possibly maim yourself for life. -Dave Barry": 1} 
learns {'He who learns but does not think, is lost! He who thinks but does not learn is in great danger. -Confucius': 1} 
glistening {'When an American says that he loves his country, he means not only that he loves the New England hills, the prairies glistening in the sun, the wide and rising plains, the great mountains, and the sea. He means that he loves an inner air, an inner light in which freedom lives and in which a man can draw the breath of self-respect. -Adlai Stevenson': 1} 
probable {'Probable impossibilities are to be preferred to improbable possibilities. -Aristotle': 1, 'Thinking is the hardest work there is, which is the probable reason why so few engage in it. -Henry Ford': 1} 
binds {'I have gathered a posie of other men\x92s flowers, and nothing but the thread that binds them is mine own. -John Bartlett': 1} 
mens {'I have gathered a posie of other men\x92s flowers, and nothing but the thread that binds them is mine own. -John Bartlett': 1} 
forlorn {'No sooner do we depart from sense and instinct to follow reason but we are insensibly drawn into uncouth paradoxes, difficulties, and inconsistencies, which multiply and grow upon us as we advance in speculation; till at length, having wandered through many intricate mazes, we find ourselves just where we were, or, which is worse, sit down in a forlorn scepticism. -George Berkeley': 1} 
please {'Would you live with ease? Do what you ought, not what you please. -Benjamin Franklin': 1} 
undertakes {'Wedding: a ceremony at which two persons undertake to become one, one undertakes to become nothing, and nothing undertakes to become supportable. -Ambrose Bierce': 2} 
dorothy parker {'The first thing I do in the morning is brush my teeth and sharpen my tongue. -Dorothy Parker': 1, "I'm never going to be famous. My name will never be writ large on the roster of Those Who Do Things. I don't do any thing. Not one single thing. I used to bite my nails, but I don't even do that any more. -Dorothy Parker": 1, "You can't teach an old dogma new tricks. -Dorothy Parker": 1, 'Every year, back comes Spring, with nasty little birds yapping their fool heads off and the ground all mucked up with plants. -Dorothy Parker': 1, "I don't care what is written about me, so long as it isn't true. -Dorothy Parker": 1} 
various {'Nothing before had ever made me thoroughly realise, though I had read various scientific books, that science consists in grouping facts so that general laws or conclusions may be drawn from them. -Charles Darwin': 1} 
borgias {'You know what the fellow said: In Italy for thirty years under the Borgias they had warfare, terror, murder, and bloodshed, but they produced Michaelangelo, Leonardo Da Vinci, and the Renaissance. In Switzerland, they had brotherly love--they had five hundred years of democracy and peace, and what did they produce? The cuckoo clock. -Orson Welles': 1} 
assertive {'The best defense against usurpatory government is an assertive citizenry. -William F. Buckley': 1} 
consecutive {"Thus far, the reputed idiot Bush has graduated from Yale and Harvard, made a stack of cash in the oil industry, become the first consecutive-term governor of Texas, defeated a dual-term VP for the presidency, and led his party to [November 5th's] extraordinary triumphs. Let his opponents keep calling him stupid; if they do, within five years Bush will be King of England, the Pope, and world Formula One motor racing champion. -Tim Blair": 1} 
burned {'I am Envy. I cannot read and therefore wish all books burned. -Christopher Marlowe': 1} 
other's {"No distance of place or lapse of time can lessen the friendship of those who are thoroughly persuaded of each other's worth. -Robert Southey": 1} 
conditions {'To defend Western Europe we have to let the Pentagon buy all these tanks and guns and things, and the Pentagon is unable to buy any object that that costs less than a condominium in Vail. If the Pentagon needs, say, fruit, it will argue that it must have fruit that can withstand the rigors of combat conditions, and it will wind up purchasing the FX-700 Seedless Tactical Grape, which will cost $160,000 per bunch, and will have an 83 percent failure rate. -Dave Barry': 1} 
corruption {"I'm a middle age white guy, which means I'm constantly reminded that my particular group is responsible for the oppression of every known minority PLUS most wars PLUS government corruption PLUS pollution of the environment, not to mention that it was middle-age white guys who killed Bambi's mom. -Dave Barry": 1} 
robert southey {"No distance of place or lapse of time can lessen the friendship of those who are thoroughly persuaded of each other's worth. -Robert Southey": 1} 
knowing {'Being is desirable because it is identical with Beauty, and Beauty is loved because it is Being. We ourselves possess Beauty when we are true to our own being; ugliness is in going over to another order; knowing ourselves, we are beautiful; in self-ignorance, we are ugly. -Ambrose Bierce': 1, 'To write a good love letter, you ought to begin without knowing what you mean to say and to finish without knowing what you have written. -Jean-Jacques Rousseau': 2, 'Education is an admirable thing, but it is well to remember from time to time that nothing that is worth knowing can be taught. -Oscar Wilde': 1} 
latin {"Ah, yes, divorce...from the Latin word meaning to rip out a man's genitals through his wallet. -Robin Williams": 1} 
creating {'Poetry is the art of creating imaginary gardens with real toads. -Marianne Moore': 1} 
missing {'In Heaven all the interesting people are missing. -Friedrich Nietzsche': 1} 
sold {'Being born is like being kidnapped. And then sold into slavery. -Andy Warhol': 1} 
attention {'Guard with jealous attention the public liberty. Suspect everyone who approaches that jewel. -Patrick Henry': 1} 
succeed {'Some succeed by what they know; some by what they do; and a few by what they are. -Elbert Hubbard': 1, 'Rhis is to be asserted in general of men: that they are ungrateful, fickle, false, cowardly, covetous, and as long as you succeed, are yours entirely; they will offer you their blood, property, life, and children...when the need is far distant; but when it approaches, they will turn against you. -Nicolo Machiavelli': 1, 'Nature is trying very hard to make us succeed, but nature does not depend on us. We are not the only experiment. -Buckminster Fuller': 1, "You don't have to stay up nights to succeed; you have to stay awake days. -Author Unknown": 1, 'It is hard to fail, but it is worse never to have tried to succeed. -Theodore Roosevelt': 1, 'From kindergarten to graduation, I went to public schools, and I know that they are a key to being sure that every child has a chance to succeed and to rise in the world. -Dick Cheney': 1} 
opposition {'In any fairly large and talkative community such as a university there is always the danger that those who think alike should gravitate together where they will henceforth encounter opposition only in the emasculated form of rumour that the outsiders say thus and thus. The absent are easily refuted, complacent dogmatism thrives, and differences of opinion are embittered by the group hostility. Each group hears not the best, but the worst, that the other group can say. -C.S. Lewis': 1, 'He that would make his own liberty secure, must guard even his enemy from opposition; for if he violates this duty he establishes a precedent that will reach himself. -Thomas Paine': 1} 
invisible {'The invisible and the non-existent look very much alike. -Delos McKown': 1} 
pagan {"We all wish to be judged by our peers, by the men 'after our own heart.' Only they really know our mind and only they judge it by standards we fully acknowledge. Theirs is the praise we really covet and the blame we really dread. The little pockets of early Chrstians survived because they cared exclusively for the love of 'the bretheren' and stopped their ears to the opinion of the Pagan society around them. But a circle of criminals, cranks, or perverts survives in just the same way; by becoming deaf to the opinion of the outer world, by discounting it as the chatter of outsiders who 'don't understand,' of the 'conventional,' the 'bourgeois,' the 'Establishment,' of prigs, prudes, and humbugs. -C.S. Lewis": 1} 
houses {'Science is facts; just as houses are made of stones, so is science made of facts; but a pile of stones is not a house and a collection of facts is not necessarily science. -Henri Poincare': 1} 
both {'Men marry because they are tired; women because they are curious. Both are disappointed. -Oscar Wilde': 1, 'A radical is a man with both feet firmly planted in the air. -Franklin D. Roosevelt': 1, 'A people that values its privileges above its principles soon loses both. -Dwight Eisenhower': 1, 'Man was made for action, and to promote by the exertion of his faculties such changes in the external circumstances both of himself and others, as may seem most favourable to the happiness of all. -Adam Smith': 1} 
enables {'Experience is that marvelous thing that enables you to recognize a mistake when you make it again. -Franklin Jones': 1} 
last {'My dream is of a place and a time where America will once again be seen as the last best hope of earth. -Abraham Lincoln': 1, 'Must not all things at the last be swallowed up in death? -Plato': 1, 'The last thing a political party gives up is its vocabulary. -Alexis de Tocqueville': 1, 'All men are timid on entering any fight. Whether it is the first or the last fight, all of us are timid. Cowards are those who let their timidity get the better of their manhood. -George Patton': 1, 'The thing we all have to understand to put these last two years in focus, is that liberals in this country care more about whether European leaders like us than they do about whether terrorists are killing us. -Rush Limbaugh': 1, 'The last thing one discovers in composing a work is what to put first. -Blaise Pascal': 1, 'Marriage is our last, best chance to grow up. -Joseph Barth': 1, 'It is always thus, impelled by a state of mind which is destined not to last, that we make our irrevocable decisions. -Marcel Proust': 1, 'We do survive every moment, after all, except the last one. -John Updike': 1} 
reverse {'You are young, my son, and, as the years go by, time will change and even reverse many of your present opinions. Refrain therefore awhile from setting yourself up as a judge of the highest matters. -Plato': 1} 
attainment {'Satisfaction lies in the effort, not in the attainment. Full effort is full victory. -Mahatma Gandhi': 1} 
terry pratchett {"Science is not about building a body of known 'facts'. It is a method for asking awkward questions and subjecting them to a reality-check, thus avoiding the human tendency to believe whatever makes us feel good. -Terry Pratchett": 1} 
wouldn't {"If you could kick the person in the pants responsible for most of your trouble, you wouldn't sit for a month. -Theodore Roosevelt": 1, "Nothing is wrong with Southern California that a rise in the ocean level wouldn't cure. -Kenneth Millar": 1} 
foreign {'If tyranny and oppression come to this land, it will be in the guise of fighting a foreign enemy. -James Madison': 1, 'The means of defense against foreign danger historically have become the instruments of tyranny at home. -James Madison': 1} 
douglas adams {'I love deadlines. I especially like the whooshing sound they make as they go flying by. -Douglas Adams': 1, 'Man [has] always assumed that he was more intelligent than dolphins because he had achieved so much-the wheel, New York, wars and so on-while all the dolphins had ever done was muck about in the water having a good time. But conversely, the dolphins had always believed that they were far more intelligent than man-for precisely the same reason. -Douglas Adams': 1, 'In the beginning, the universe was created. This made a lot of people very angry, and has been widely regarded as a bad idea. -Douglas Adams': 1, 'There is a theory which states that if ever anyone discovers exactly what the Universe is for and why it is here, it will instantly disappear and be replaced by something even more bizarre and inexplicable. There is another theory which states that this has already happened. -Douglas Adams': 1} 
benjamin franklin {'Would you live with ease? Do what you ought, not what you please. -Benjamin Franklin': 1, 'Even peace may be purchased at too high a price. -Benjamin Franklin': 1, "Money never made a man happy yet, nor will it. There is nothing in its nature to produce happiness. The more a man has, the more he wants. Instead of its filling a vacuum, it makes one. If it satisfies one want, it doubles and trebles that want another way. That was a true proverb of the wise man, rely upon it; ''Better is little with the fear of the Lord, than great treasure, and trouble therewith. -Benjamin Franklin": 1, 'The sleeping fox catches no poultry. -Benjamin Franklin': 1, 'Either write something worth reading or do something worth writing. -Benjamin Franklin': 1, 'Remember not only to say the right thing in the right place, but far more difficult still, to leave unsaid the wrong thing at the tempting moment. -Benjamin Franklin': 1, 'They that can give up essential liberty to obtain a little temporary safety deserve neither liberty nor safety. -Benjamin Franklin': 1, 'He that cannot obey, cannot command. -Benjamin Franklin': 1, 'Diligence is the mother of good luck. -Benjamin Franklin': 1, "Where there's marriage without love, there will be love without marriage. -Benjamin Franklin": 1, 'It is a grand mistake to think of being great without goodness and I pronounce it as certain that there was never a truly great man that was not at the same time truly virtuous. -Benjamin Franklin': 1, 'The greatest monarch on the proudest throne is obliged to sit upon his own arse. -Benjamin Franklin': 1, 'You may delay, but time will not. -Benjamin Franklin': 1, 'Money can help you to get medicines but not health. Money can help you to get soft pillows, but not sound sleep. Money can help you to get material comforts, but not eternal bliss. Money can help you to get ornaments, but not beauty. Money will help you to get an electric earphone, but not natural hearing. Attain the supreme wealth, wisdom, and you will have everything. -Benjamin Franklin': 1, 'I am a strong believer in luck and I find the harder I work the more I have of it. -Benjamin Franklin': 1, "Life's Tragedy is that we get old to soon and wise too late. -Benjamin Franklin": 1, "To find out a girl's faults, praise her to her girl friends. -Benjamin Franklin": 1, 'Games lubricate the body and the mind. -Benjamin Franklin': 1, 'He that would live in peace and at ease must not speak all he knows or all he sees. -Benjamin Franklin': 1, "If Jack's in love, he's no judge of Jill's beauty. -Benjamin Franklin": 1} 
fraternity {'A few hours of mountain climbing turn a villain and a saint into two rather equal creature. Exhaustion is the shortest way to equality and fraternity, and liberty is added eventually by sleep. -Friedrich Nietzsche': 1} 
forgotten {'Fanaticism consists of redoubling your efforts when you have forgotten your aim. -George Santayana': 1, "There are some who've forgotten why we have a military. It's not to promote war; it's to be prepared for peace. -Ronald Reagan": 1, 'An unjust punishment is never forgotten. -Penelope Fitzgerald': 1, 'The nation which forgets its defenders will be itself forgotten. -Calvin Coolidge': 1, 'If we have no peace, it is because we have forgotten that we belong to each other. -Mother Teresa': 1} 
whole {'The whole life of an American is passed like a game of chance, a revolutionary crisis, or a battle. -Alexis de Tocqueville': 1, 'Such is the delicacy of man alone, that no object is produced to his liking. He finds that in everything there is need for improvement. The whole industry of human life is employed not in procuring the supply of our three humble necessities, food, clothes and lodging, but in procuring the conveniences of it according to the nicety and delicacy of our tastes. -Adam Smith': 1, "You cannot go on 'explaining away' for ever: you will find that you have explained explanation itself away. You cannot go on 'seeing through' things for ever. The whole point of seeing through something is to see something through it. -C.S. Lewis": 1, 'Women are the only realists; their whole object in life is to pit their realism against the extravagant, excessive, and occasionally drunken idealism of men. -GK Chesterton': 1} 
finds {'Such is the delicacy of man alone, that no object is produced to his liking. He finds that in everything there is need for improvement. The whole industry of human life is employed not in procuring the supply of our three humble necessities, food, clothes and lodging, but in procuring the conveniences of it according to the nicety and delicacy of our tastes. -Adam Smith': 1, "God help the man who won't marry until he finds a perfect woman, and God help him still more if he finds her. -Benjamin Tillet": 2} 
experimental {'Reason is experimental intelligence, conceived after the pattern of science, and used in the creation of social arts; it has something to do. It liberates man from the bondage of the past, due to ignorance and accident hardened into custom. It projects a better future and assists man in its realization. -John Dewey': 1} 
henry ford {"You can't build a reputation on what you are going to do. -Henry Ford": 1, 'Thinking is the hardest work there is, which is the probable reason why so few engage in it. -Henry Ford': 1} 
liked {"When this girl at the museum asked me who I liked better, Monet or Manet, I said, 'I like mayonnaise.' She just stared at me, so I said it again, louder. Then she left. I guess she went to try to find some mayonnaise for me. -Jack Handey": 1} 
childhood {'Happy, happy Christmas, that can win us back to the delusions of our childhood days, recall to the old man the pleasures of his youth, and transport the traveler back to his own fireside and quiet home! -Charles Dickens': 1, 'There are perhaps no days of our childhood we lived so fully as those we spent with a favorite book. -Marcel Proust': 1} 
drunk {'I may be drunk, Miss, but in the morning I will be sober and you will still be ugly. -Winston Churchill': 1, "Is there anything more beautiful than a beautiful, beautiful flamingo, flying across in front of a beautiful sunset? And he's carrying a beautiful rose in his beak, and also he's carrying a very beautiful painting with his feet. And also, you're drunk. -Jack Handey": 1} 
reasons {'Humanity is acquiring all the right technology for all the wrong reasons. -Buckminster Fuller': 1, 'I believe one of the reasons so many do not get a higher education is the fear of their parents that they will lose more morally than they will receive mentally. -William Jennings Bryan': 1, 'The heart has its reasons, of which the mind knows nothing. -Blaise Pascal': 1} 
acted {'The great nations have always acted like gangsters, and the small nations like prostitutes. -Stanley Kubrick': 1} 
sweep {'If a man is called to be a streetsweeper, he should sweep streets even as Michelangelo painted, or Beethoven composed music, or Shakespeare wrote poetry. He should sweep streets so well that all the host of heaven and earth will pause to say, here lived a great streetsweeper who did his job well. -Martin Luther King Jr.': 2} 
whatever {"The puritanism of Christianity has played havoc with the moderation that an enlightened and tolerant critical spirit would have produced. I've noticed that in whatever country, county, town, or other region there is a regulation enjoining temperance, the population seems to be entirely composed of teetotallers and drunkards. There's a Bible on that shelf there. But I keep it next to Voltaire - poison and antidote. -Bertrand Russell": 1, 'Certain thoughts are prayers. There are moments when, whatever be the attitude of the body, the soul is on its knees. -Victor Hugo': 1, 'Whatever affects one directly, affects all indirectly. I can never be what I ought to be until you are what you ought to be. This is the interrelated structure of reality. -Martin Luther King Jr.': 1, 'As I would not be a slave, so I would not be a master. This expresses my idea of democracy. Whatever differs from this, to the extent of the difference, is no democracy. -Abraham Lincoln': 1, "Science is not about building a body of known 'facts'. It is a method for asking awkward questions and subjecting them to a reality-check, thus avoiding the human tendency to believe whatever makes us feel good. -Terry Pratchett": 1} 
crispin glover {"A 'geek' by definition is someone who eats live animals....I've never eaten live animals. -Crispin Glover": 1} 
paul boese {'Nature thrives on patience; man on impatience. -Paul Boese': 1} 
fashion {'The leading cause of death among fashion models is falling through street grates. -Dave Barry': 1} 
adjoining {"Speeches are for the younger men who are going places. And I'm not going anyplace except six feet under the floor of that little chapel adjoining the museum and library at Abilene. -Dwight Eisenhower": 1} 
likes {'It is better to be bold than too circumspect, because fortune is of a sex which likes not a tardy wooer and repulses all who are not ardent. -Nicolo Machiavelli': 1} 
sexy {"Just because I look sexy on the cover of Rolling Stone doesn't mean I'm naughty. -Britney Spears": 1} 
sing {'How did it happen that their lips came together? How does it happen that birds sing, that snow melts, that the rose unfolds, that the dawn whitens behind the stark shapes of trees on the quivering summit of the hill? A kiss, and all was said. -Victor Hugo': 1} 
gnats {'And what\x92s romance? Usually, a nice little tale where you have everything As You Like It, where rain never wets your jacket and gnats never bite your nose and it\x92s always daisy-time. -D.H. Lawrence': 1} 
throughout {'There is one thing alone that stands the brunt of life throughout its course: a quiet conscience. -Euripides': 1} 
connexion {'That the innocent, though they may have some connexion or dependency upon the guilty (which, perhaps, they themselves cannot help), should not, upon that account, suffer or be punished for the guilty, is one of the plainest and most obvious rules of justice. -Adam Smith': 1} 
expensive {'Politics has got so expensive that it takes lots of money to even get beat with. -Will Rogers': 1} 
finally {'Though force can protect in emergency, only justice, fairness, consideration and cooperation can finally lead men to the dawn of eternal peace. -Dwight Eisenhower': 1} 
described {'A Native American elder once described his own inner struggles in this manner: Inside of me there are two dogs. One of the dogs is mean and evil. The other dog is good. The mean dog fights the good dog all the time. When asked which dog wins, he reflected. -George Bernard Shaw': 1, 'I arrive at the end of this review having done my duty as a critic. I have described the movie accurately and you have a good idea what you are in for if you go to see it. Most of you will not. I cannot argue with you. Some of you will--the brave and the curious. You embody the spirit of the man who first wondered what it would taste like to eat an oyster. -Roger Ebert': 1} 
raise {'No human relation gives one possession in another...every two souls are absolutely different. In friendship and in love, the two side by side raise hands together to find what one cannot reach alone. -Kahlil Gibran': 1} 
oscar levant {"I once said cynically of a politician, 'He'll doublecross that bridge when he comes to it.' -Oscar Levant": 1} 
create {"What a man's mind can create, man's character can control. -Thomas Edison": 1, 'Egalitarians create the most dangerous inequality of all -- inequality of power. Allowing politicians to determine what all other human beings will be allowed to earn is one of the most reckless gambles imaginable. Like the income tax, it may start off being applied only to the rich but it will inevitably reach us all. -Thomas Sowell': 1} 
desolations {'Nobody can have the consolations of religion or philosophy unless he has first experienced their desolations. -Aldous Huxley': 1} 
political {'There is hardly a political question in the United States which does not sooner or later turn into a judicial one. -Alexis de Tocqueville': 1, 'In politics, an organized minority is a political majority. -Jesse Jackson': 1, 'The last thing a political party gives up is its vocabulary. -Alexis de Tocqueville': 1, 'I always cheer up immensely if an attack is particularly wounding because I think, well, if they attack one personally, it means they have not a single political argument left. -Margaret Thatcher': 1} 
due {'Reason is experimental intelligence, conceived after the pattern of science, and used in the creation of social arts; it has something to do. It liberates man from the bondage of the past, due to ignorance and accident hardened into custom. It projects a better future and assists man in its realization. -John Dewey': 1, 'Worry is interest paid on trouble before it falls due. -W. R. Inge': 1} 
hitting {"You do not lead by hitting people over the head \x97 that's assault, not leadership. -Dwight Eisenhower": 1} 
whom {'PRESIDENT, n. The leading figure in a small group of men of whom \x97 and of whom only \x97 it is positively known that immense numbers of their countrymen did not want any of them for President. -Ambrose Bierce': 2, 'Those whom the gods love grow young. -Oscar Wilde': 1, 'Marriage is the alliance of two people, one of whom never remembers birthdays and the other who never forgets. -Ogden Nash': 1} 
secret {"In every man's heart there is a secret nerve that answers to the vibrations of beauty. -Christopher Morley": 1, 'In all chaos there is a cosmos, in all disorder a secret order. -Carl Jung': 1} 
damn {"Sex without love is a meaningless experience, but as far as meaningless experiences go, it's pretty damn good. -Woody Allen": 1} 
flewn {"How did it get so late so soon? It's night before it's afternoon. December is here before it's June. My goodness how the time has flewn. How did it get so late so soon? -Theodor Seuss Geisel": 1} 
meeting {"As a woman, I find it very embarrassing to be in a meeting and realize I'm the only one in the room with balls. -Rita Mae Brown": 1, 'Love is the delightful interval between meeting a beautiful girl and discovering that she looks like a haddock. -John Barrymore': 1} 
firm {"'Tis the business of little minds to shrink, but he whose heart is firm, and whose conscience approves his conduct, will pursue his principles unto death. -Thomas Paine": 1} 
resting {'I have never taken any exercise except sleeping and resting. -Mark Twain': 1} 
lived {'I hate war as only a soldier who has lived it can, only as one who has seen its brutality, its futility, its stupidity. -Dwight Eisenhower': 1, 'If a man is called to be a streetsweeper, he should sweep streets even as Michelangelo painted, or Beethoven composed music, or Shakespeare wrote poetry. He should sweep streets so well that all the host of heaven and earth will pause to say, here lived a great streetsweeper who did his job well. -Martin Luther King Jr.': 1, 'I hope that when you are my age, you will be able to say as I have been able to say: We lived in freedom. We lived lives that were a statement, not an apology. -Ronald Reagan': 2, "All I want out of life, is that when I walk down the street folks will say, 'There goes the greatest hitter that ever lived.' -Ted Williams": 1, 'There are perhaps no days of our childhood we lived so fully as those we spent with a favorite book. -Marcel Proust': 1} 
champion {"Thus far, the reputed idiot Bush has graduated from Yale and Harvard, made a stack of cash in the oil industry, become the first consecutive-term governor of Texas, defeated a dual-term VP for the presidency, and led his party to [November 5th's] extraordinary triumphs. Let his opponents keep calling him stupid; if they do, within five years Bush will be King of England, the Pope, and world Formula One motor racing champion. -Tim Blair": 1} 
fire {'Even if there is only one possible unified theory, it is just a set of rules and equations. What is it that breathes fire into the equations and makes a universe for them to describe? -Stephen Hawking': 1, 'Cooking was invented in prehistoric times, when a primitive tribe had a lucky accident. The tribe had killed an animal and was going to eat it raw, when a tribe member named Woog tripped and dropped it into the fire. At first the other tribe members were angry at Woog, but then, as the aroma of burning meat filled the air, they had an idea. So they ate Woog raw. -Dave Barry': 1, 'Government is not reason; it is not eloquent; it is force. Like fire, it is a dangerous servant and a fearful master. -George Washington': 1} 
what's {"One of the great attractions of patriotism -- it fulfills our worst wishes. In the person of our nation we are able, vicariously, to bully and cheat. Bully and cheat, what's more, with a feeling that we are profoundly virtuous. -Aldous Huxley": 1} 
cruelty {"Of all tyrannies, a tyranny exercised for the good of its victims may be the most oppressive. It may be better to live under robber barons than under omnipotent moral busybodies. The robber baron's cruelty may sometimes sleep, his cupidity may at some point be satiated; but those who torment us for our own good will torment us without end, for they do so with the approval of their own conscience. -C.S. Lewis": 1} 
else {"Middle age is when you've met so many people that every new person you meet reminds you of someone else. -Ogden Nash": 1, 'True patriotism hates injustice in its own land more than anywhere else. -Clarence Darrow': 1, 'No easy problem ever comes to the President of the United States. If they are easy to solve, somebody else has solved them. -John F. Kennedy': 1, 'It takes a lot of courage to show your dreams to someone else. -Erna Bombeck': 1, 'Love yourself first and everything else falls into line. You really have to love yourself to get anything done in this world. -Lucille Ball': 1, 'There is luxury in self-reproach. When we blame ourselves, we feel no one else has a right to blame us. -Oscar Wilde': 1, 'I believe in Christianity as I believe that the sun has risen, not only because I see it, but because by it I see everything else. -C.S. Lewis': 1, 'Freedom is nothing else but a chance to be better. -Albert Camus': 1, 'Government consists in nothing else but so controlling subjects that they shall neither be able to, nor have cause to do it harm. -Nicolo Machiavelli': 1} 
moderation {"The puritanism of Christianity has played havoc with the moderation that an enlightened and tolerant critical spirit would have produced. I've noticed that in whatever country, county, town, or other region there is a regulation enjoining temperance, the population seems to be entirely composed of teetotallers and drunkards. There's a Bible on that shelf there. But I keep it next to Voltaire - poison and antidote. -Bertrand Russell": 1} 
lives {'Every decent man is ashamed of the government he lives under. -Henry Mencken': 1, 'When an American says that he loves his country, he means not only that he loves the New England hills, the prairies glistening in the sun, the wide and rising plains, the great mountains, and the sea. He means that he loves an inner air, an inner light in which freedom lives and in which a man can draw the breath of self-respect. -Adlai Stevenson': 1, 'In the long run, we shape our lives and we shape ourselves. The process never ends until we die, and the choices that we make are ultimately our responsibility. -Eleanor Roosevelt': 1, 'Indeed, man wishes to be happy even when he so lives as to make happiness impossible. -Saint Augustine': 1, 'How we spend our days is, of course, how we spend our lives. -Annie Dillard': 1, 'Those who bring sunshine to the lives of others, cannot keep it from themselves. -James Matthew Barrie': 1, 'One of the striking differences between a cat and a lie is that a cat has only nine lives. -Mark Twain': 1, 'I hope that when you are my age, you will be able to say as I have been able to say: We lived in freedom. We lived lives that were a statement, not an apology. -Ronald Reagan': 1} 
bidding {'Of course the people dont want war...that is understood. But voice or no voice, the people can always be brought to the bidding of the leaders. That is easy. All you have to do is tell them they are being attacked, and denounce the pacifists for lack of patriotism and exposing the country to danger. It works the same in any country. -Hermann Goering': 1} 
demand {'As scarce as truth is, the supply has always been in excess of the demand. -Josh Billings': 1, 'There is nothing funny about Halloween. This sarcastic festival reflects, rather, an infernal demand for revenge by children on the adult world. -Jean Baudrillard': 1} 
andrew carnegie {'No man will make a great leader who wants to do it all himself or get all the credit for doing it. -Andrew Carnegie': 1} 
chatter {"We all wish to be judged by our peers, by the men 'after our own heart.' Only they really know our mind and only they judge it by standards we fully acknowledge. Theirs is the praise we really covet and the blame we really dread. The little pockets of early Chrstians survived because they cared exclusively for the love of 'the bretheren' and stopped their ears to the opinion of the Pagan society around them. But a circle of criminals, cranks, or perverts survives in just the same way; by becoming deaf to the opinion of the outer world, by discounting it as the chatter of outsiders who 'don't understand,' of the 'conventional,' the 'bourgeois,' the 'Establishment,' of prigs, prudes, and humbugs. -C.S. Lewis": 1} 
infant's {"If a woman has to choose between catching a fly ball and saving an infant's life, she will choose to save the infant's life without even considering if there are men on base. -Dave Barry": 2} 
plants {'Every year, back comes Spring, with nasty little birds yapping their fool heads off and the ground all mucked up with plants. -Dorothy Parker': 1} 
stolen {'Goldie and I did have a car stolen right out of our yard. It took us three days to notice. -Kurt Russell': 1} 
politician {"I once said cynically of a politician, 'He'll doublecross that bridge when he comes to it.' -Oscar Levant": 1} 
thirty {'You know what the fellow said: In Italy for thirty years under the Borgias they had warfare, terror, murder, and bloodshed, but they produced Michaelangelo, Leonardo Da Vinci, and the Renaissance. In Switzerland, they had brotherly love--they had five hundred years of democracy and peace, and what did they produce? The cuckoo clock. -Orson Welles': 1} 
raw {'Cooking was invented in prehistoric times, when a primitive tribe had a lucky accident. The tribe had killed an animal and was going to eat it raw, when a tribe member named Woog tripped and dropped it into the fire. At first the other tribe members were angry at Woog, but then, as the aroma of burning meat filled the air, they had an idea. So they ate Woog raw. -Dave Barry': 2} 
solid {"What is it that makes a complete stranger dive into an icy river to save a solid-gold baby? Maybe we'll never know. -Jack Handey": 1} 
judicial {'There is hardly a political question in the United States which does not sooner or later turn into a judicial one. -Alexis de Tocqueville': 1} 
bill {'We have the Bill of Rights. What we need is a Bill of Responsibilities. -Bill Maher': 2} 
twenty {'If eighty percent of your sales come from twenty percent of all of your items, just carry those twenty percent. -Henry Kissinger': 2} 
governor {"Thus far, the reputed idiot Bush has graduated from Yale and Harvard, made a stack of cash in the oil industry, become the first consecutive-term governor of Texas, defeated a dual-term VP for the presidency, and led his party to [November 5th's] extraordinary triumphs. Let his opponents keep calling him stupid; if they do, within five years Bush will be King of England, the Pope, and world Formula One motor racing champion. -Tim Blair": 1} 
pablo picasso {'Painting is just another way of keeping a diary. -Pablo Picasso': 1, 'Inspiration exists, but it has to find you working. -Pablo Picasso': 1, "I don't work according to nature, but infront and together with it. An artist must observe the nature, but never confuse it with the art. -Pablo Picasso": 1, 'All children are artists. The problem is how to remain an artist once he grows up. -Pablo Picasso': 1, 'It is your work in life that is the ultimate seduction. -Pablo Picasso': 1, 'There are painters who transform the sun to a yellow spot, but there are others who with the help of their art and their intelligence, transform a yellow spot into the sun. -Pablo Picasso': 1} 
admire {'He has all the virtues I dislike and none of the vices I admire. -Winston Churchill': 1} 
forgetting {'Originality is the fine art of remembering what you hear but forgetting where you heard it. -Laurence Peter': 1} 
while {'Have children while your parents are still young enough to take care of them. -Rita Rudner': 1, 'Man [has] always assumed that he was more intelligent than dolphins because he had achieved so much-the wheel, New York, wars and so on-while all the dolphins had ever done was muck about in the water having a good time. But conversely, the dolphins had always believed that they were far more intelligent than man-for precisely the same reason. -Douglas Adams': 1, 'Children are innocent and love justice, while most adults are wicked and prefer mercy. -GK Chesterton': 1, "The days of looking the other way while despotic regimes trample human rights, rob their nations' wealth, and then excuse their failings by feeding their people a steady diet of anti-Western hatred are over. -Dick Cheney": 1, "Don't knock the weather; nine-tenths of the people couldn't start a conversation if it didn't change once in a while. -Kin Hubbard": 1, "Life is what happens to you while you're busy making other plans. -John Lennon": 1} 
replaced {'There is a theory which states that if ever anyone discovers exactly what the Universe is for and why it is here, it will instantly disappear and be replaced by something even more bizarre and inexplicable. There is another theory which states that this has already happened. -Douglas Adams': 1} 
ought {'Would you live with ease? Do what you ought, not what you please. -Benjamin Franklin': 1, 'To write a good love letter, you ought to begin without knowing what you mean to say and to finish without knowing what you have written. -Jean-Jacques Rousseau': 1, 'I do not believe one can settle how much we ought to give. I am afraid the only safe rule is to give more than we can spare. -C.S. Lewis': 1, "You give me a credit to which I have no claim in calling me 'the writer of the Constitution of the United States.' This was not, like the fabled Goddess of Wisdom, the offspring of a single brain. It ought to be regarded as the work of many heads and many hands. -James Madison": 1, 'Whatever affects one directly, affects all indirectly. I can never be what I ought to be until you are what you ought to be. This is the interrelated structure of reality. -Martin Luther King Jr.': 2} 
error {"The function of RAM is to give us guys a way of deciding whose computer has the biggest, studliest, most tumescent MEMORY. This is important, because with today's complex software, the more memory a computer has, the faster it can produce error messages. So the bottom line is, if you're a guy, you cannot have enough RAM. -Dave Barry": 1, 'It is error alone which needs the support of government. Truth can stand by itself. -Thomas Jefferson': 1, 'Knowledge rests not upon truth alone, but upon error also. -Carl Jung': 1, 'Errors of haste are seldom committed singly. The first time a man always does too much. And precisely on that account he commits a second error, and then he does too little. -Friedrich Nietzsche': 1} 
fun {'The difference between sex and death is that with death you can do it alone and no one is going to make fun of you. -Woody Allen': 1} 
pain {'To you taxpayers out there, let me say this: Make sure you file your tax return on time! And remember that, even though income taxes can be a \x93pain in the neck,\x94 the folks at the IRS are regular people just like you, except that they can destroy your life. -Dave Barry': 1} 
infront {"I don't work according to nature, but infront and together with it. An artist must observe the nature, but never confuse it with the art. -Pablo Picasso": 1} 
rebecca west {'Were it possible for us to wait for ourselves to come into the room, not many of us would find our hearts breaking into flower as we heard the door handle turn. -Rebecca West': 1} 
charles caleb colton {'Imitation is the sincerest of flattery. -Charles Caleb Colton': 1} 
costly {'If you will not fight for the right when you can easily win without bloodshed; if you will not fight when your victory will be sure and not too costly; you may come to the moment when you will have to fight with all the odds against you and only a small chance of survival. There may even be a worse case: you may have to fight when there is no hope of victory, because it is better to perish than to live as slaves. -Winston Churchill': 1} 
th's {"Thus far, the reputed idiot Bush has graduated from Yale and Harvard, made a stack of cash in the oil industry, become the first consecutive-term governor of Texas, defeated a dual-term VP for the presidency, and led his party to [November 5th's] extraordinary triumphs. Let his opponents keep calling him stupid; if they do, within five years Bush will be King of England, the Pope, and world Formula One motor racing champion. -Tim Blair": 1} 
century {'The philosophy of one century is the common sense of the next. -Henry Ward Beecher': 1} 
mystic {'The mystic chords of memory, stretching from every battlefield and patriot grave to every living heart and hearthstone all over this broad land, will yet swell the chorus of the Union, when again touched, as surely they will be, by the better angels of our nature. -Abraham Lincoln': 1} 
thomas edison {"What a man's mind can create, man's character can control. -Thomas Edison": 1, 'It is astonishing what an effort it seems to be for many people to put their brains definitely and systematically to work. -Thomas Edison': 1, 'Genius is one per cent inspiration, ninety-nine per cent perspiration. -Thomas Edison': 1, 'There is no substitute for hard work. -Thomas Edison': 1, 'There is time for everything. -Thomas Edison': 1, "Many of life's failures are people who did not realize how close they were to success when they gave up. -Thomas Edison": 1, 'Show me a thoroughly satisfied man and I will show you a failure. -Thomas Edison': 1} 
leans {"Instead of a trap door, what about a trap window? The guy looks out it, and if he leans too far, he falls out. Wait. I guess that's like a regular window. -Jack Handey": 1} 
marcus aurelius {'Observe constantly that all things take place by change, and accustom thyself to consider that the nature of the Universe love nothing so much as to change. The Universe is change. -Marcus Aurelius': 1, 'I have often wondered how it is that every man loves himself more than all the rest of men, but yet sets less value on his own opinion of himself than on the opinion of others. -Marcus Aurelius': 1} 
itself {'It is error alone which needs the support of government. Truth can stand by itself. -Thomas Jefferson': 1, 'To know what is impenetrable to us really exists, manifesting itself as the highest wisdom and the most radiant beauty...this knowledge, this feeling is at the center of true religiousness. -Albert Einstein': 1, "Learning carries within itself certain dangers because out of necessity one has to learn from one's enemies. -Leon Trotsky": 1, 'As every divided kingdom falls, so every mind divided between many studies confounds and saps itself. -Leonardo da Vinci': 1, "History doesn't repeat itself, but it does rhyme. -Mark Twain": 1, 'The nation which forgets its defenders will be itself forgotten. -Calvin Coolidge': 1, "You cannot go on 'explaining away' for ever: you will find that you have explained explanation itself away. You cannot go on 'seeing through' things for ever. The whole point of seeing through something is to see something through it. -C.S. Lewis": 1, 'Grief can take care of itself, but to get the full value of joy you must have somebody to divide it with. -Mark Twain': 1, 'In framing a government which is to be administered by men over men the great difficulty lies in this: You must first enable the government to control the governed, and in the next place, oblige it to control itself. -Alexander Hamilton': 1, 'The giving of love is an education in itself. -Eleanor Roosevelt': 1} 
owes {"Don't go around saying the world owes you a living. The world owes you nothing. It was here first. -Mark Twain": 2} 
ready {"Talent alone won't make you a success. Neither will being in the right place at the right time, unless you are ready. The most important question is: 'Are you ready?' -Johnny Carson": 2, 'If we will be quiet and ready enough, we shall find compensation in every disappointment. -Henry Thoreau': 1, 'God does not give heed to the ambitiousness of our prayers, because he is always ready to give to us his light, not a visible light but an intellectual and spiritual one; but we are not always ready to receive it when we turn aside and down to other things out of a desire for temporal things. -Saint Augustine': 2, 'People sleep peaceably in their beds at night only because rough men stand ready to do violence on their behalf. -George Orwell': 1} 
colin powell {'There are no secrets to success. It is the result of preparation, hard work, and learning from failure. -Colin Powell': 1, 'Get mad, then get over it. -Colin Powell': 1} 
vanish {'It is the dissimilarities and inequalities among men which give rise to the notion of honor; as such differences become less, it grows feeble; and when they disappear, it will vanish too. -Alexis de Tocqueville': 1} 
funny {'There is hope for the future because God has a sense of humor and we are funny to God. -Bill Cosby': 1, 'Life does not cease to be funny when people die any more than it ceases to be serious when people laugh. -George Bernard Shaw': 1, 'There is nothing funny about Halloween. This sarcastic festival reflects, rather, an infernal demand for revenge by children on the adult world. -Jean Baudrillard': 1, "The most exciting phrase to hear in science, the one that heralds new discoveries, is not 'Eureka!' (I found it!) but 'That's funny...' -Isaac Asimov": 1, "To me, clowns aren't funny. In fact, they're kinda scary. I've wondered where this started, and I think it goes back to the time I went to the circus and a clown killed my dad. -Jack Handey": 1} 
italy {'You know what the fellow said: In Italy for thirty years under the Borgias they had warfare, terror, murder, and bloodshed, but they produced Michaelangelo, Leonardo Da Vinci, and the Renaissance. In Switzerland, they had brotherly love--they had five hundred years of democracy and peace, and what did they produce? The cuckoo clock. -Orson Welles': 1} 
fate {'No nation keeps its word. A nation is a big, blind worm, following what? Fate perhaps. A nation has no honor, it has no word to keep. -Carl Jung': 1} 
originality {'Originality is the fine art of remembering what you hear but forgetting where you heard it. -Laurence Peter': 1} 
j.b.s. haldane {"I have come to the conclusion that my subjective account of my motivation is largely mythical on almost all occasions. I don't know why I do things. -J.B.S. Haldane": 1} 
belong {'If we have no peace, it is because we have forgotten that we belong to each other. -Mother Teresa': 1} 
accomplished {'It behooves every man to remember that the work of the critic is of altogether secondary importance, and that, in the end, progress is accomplished by the man who does things. -Theodore Roosevelt': 1} 
dick vertleib {"This is the second most exciting indoor sport, and the other one shouldn't have spectators. -Dick Vertleib": 1} 
rules {'Even if there is only one possible unified theory, it is just a set of rules and equations. What is it that breathes fire into the equations and makes a universe for them to describe? -Stephen Hawking': 1, 'Serious sport has nothing to do with fair play. It is bound up with hatred, jealousy, boastfulness, disregard of all rules and sadistic pleasure in witnessing violence. In other words: it is war minus the shooting. -George Orwell': 1, 'That the innocent, though they may have some connexion or dependency upon the guilty (which, perhaps, they themselves cannot help), should not, upon that account, suffer or be punished for the guilty, is one of the plainest and most obvious rules of justice. -Adam Smith': 1, 'There are three rules for writing a novel. Unfortunately, no one knows what they are. -W. Somerset Maugham': 1, 'Most modern freedom is at root fear. It is not so much that we are too bold to endure rules; it is rather that we are too timid to endure responsibilities. -GK Chesterton': 1} 
widely {'In the beginning, the universe was created. This made a lot of people very angry, and has been widely regarded as a bad idea. -Douglas Adams': 1} 
grand {'Three grand essentials to happiness in this life are something to do, something to love, and something to hope for. -Joseph Addison': 1, 'It is a grand mistake to think of being great without goodness and I pronounce it as certain that there was never a truly great man that was not at the same time truly virtuous. -Benjamin Franklin': 1} 
ugliness {'Being is desirable because it is identical with Beauty, and Beauty is loved because it is Being. We ourselves possess Beauty when we are true to our own being; ugliness is in going over to another order; knowing ourselves, we are beautiful; in self-ignorance, we are ugly. -Ambrose Bierce': 1} 
advise {"We seem to be going through a period of nostalgia, and everyone seems to think yesterday was better than today. I don't think it was, and I would advise you not to wait ten years before admitting today was great. If you're hung up on nostalgia, pretend today is yesterday and just go out and have one hell of a time. -Art Buchwald": 1} 
forgiveness {'Forgiveness is not an occasional act: it is a permanent attitude. -Martin Luther King Jr.': 1} 
higher {'I believe one of the reasons so many do not get a higher education is the fear of their parents that they will lose more morally than they will receive mentally. -William Jennings Bryan': 1, 'To me there has never been a higher source of earthly honor or distinction than that connected with advances in science. -Isaac Newton': 1} 
development {'Trust the people. This is the one irrefutable lesson of the entire postwar period contradicting the notion that rigid government controls are essential to economic development. -Ronald Reagan': 1, 'I believe the highest aspiration of man should be individual freedom and the development of the individual. -Ronald Reagan': 1} 
covetous {'Rhis is to be asserted in general of men: that they are ungrateful, fickle, false, cowardly, covetous, and as long as you succeed, are yours entirely; they will offer you their blood, property, life, and children...when the need is far distant; but when it approaches, they will turn against you. -Nicolo Machiavelli': 1} 
literature {'Journalism is literature in a hurry. -Matthew Arnold': 1, 'We know too much, and are convinced of too little. Our literature is a substitute for religion, and so is our religion. -T.S. Eliot': 1} 
temporary {'They that can give up essential liberty to obtain a little temporary safety deserve neither liberty nor safety. -Benjamin Franklin': 1} 
mountain {'A few hours of mountain climbing turn a villain and a saint into two rather equal creature. Exhaustion is the shortest way to equality and fraternity, and liberty is added eventually by sleep. -Friedrich Nietzsche': 1, 'Just as your hand, held before the eye, can hide the tallest mountain, so this small earthly life keeps us from seeing the vast radiance that fills the core of the universe. -Nachman of Bratslav': 1} 
restraint {'Liberty exists in proportion to wholesome restraint. -Daniel Webster': 1} 
cigar {"If your kid makes one of those little homemade guitars out of a cigar box and rubber bands, don't let him just play it once or twice and then throw it away. Make him practice on it, every day, for about three hours a day. Later, he'll thank you. -Jack Handey": 1} 
yesterday {"We seem to be going through a period of nostalgia, and everyone seems to think yesterday was better than today. I don't think it was, and I would advise you not to wait ten years before admitting today was great. If you're hung up on nostalgia, pretend today is yesterday and just go out and have one hell of a time. -Art Buchwald": 2, 'What we are today comes from our thoughts of yesterday and our present thoughts build our life tomorrow. Our life is the creation of our mind. -Siddhartha Buddha': 1} 
kill {'My main objective is to be professional but to kill him. -Mike Tyson': 1} 
moment {"A man's very highest moment is, I have no doubt at all, when he kneels in the dust, and beats his breast, and tells all the sins of his life. -Oscar Wilde": 1, 'We do survive every moment, after all, except the last one. -John Updike': 1, 'Remember not only to say the right thing in the right place, but far more difficult still, to leave unsaid the wrong thing at the tempting moment. -Benjamin Franklin': 1, 'The United States stands at the pinnacle of world power. This is a solemn moment for the American democracy. For with primacy in power is joined an awe-inspiring accountability for the future. -Winston Churchill': 1, 'The worst moment for the athieist is when he feels thankful and has no one to thank. -Dante Gabriel Rossetti': 1, 'Life is no brief candle to me. It is a sort of splendid torch which I have got a hold of for the moment, and I want to make it burn as brightly as possible before handing it onto future generations. -George Bernard Shaw': 1, 'This moment contains all moments. -C.S. Lewis': 1, 'In any moment of decision, the best thing you can do is the right thing. The worst thing you can do is nothing. -Theodore Roosevelt': 1, 'If you will not fight for the right when you can easily win without bloodshed; if you will not fight when your victory will be sure and not too costly; you may come to the moment when you will have to fight with all the odds against you and only a small chance of survival. There may even be a worse case: you may have to fight when there is no hope of victory, because it is better to perish than to live as slaves. -Winston Churchill': 1} 
flown {'Once you have flown, you will walk the earth with your eyes turned skywards, for there you have been, and there you long to return. -Leonardo da Vinci': 1} 
arrived {'Take time to deliberate, but when the time for action has arrived, stop thinking and go in. -Napoleon Bonaparte': 1, 'The hour of departure has arrived, and we go our ways - I to die, and you to live. Which is better God only knows. -Plato': 1} 
purpose {"My life has no purpose, no direction, no aim, no meaning, and yet I'm happy. I can't figure it out. What am I doing right? -Charles Schulz": 1, 'Death is psychologically as important as birth. Shrinking away from it is something unhealthy and abnormal which robs the second half of life of its purpose. -Carl Jung': 1, "Anybody can become angry - that is easy, but to be angry with the right person and to the right degree and at the right time and for the right purpose, and in the right way - that is not within everybody's power and is not easy. -Aristotle": 1} 
necessity {'Intoxicated with unbroken success, we have become too self-sufficient to feel the necessity of redeeming and preserving grace, too proud to pray to the God that made us. -Abraham Lincoln': 1, "Learning carries within itself certain dangers because out of necessity one has to learn from one's enemies. -Leon Trotsky": 1} 
dante gabriel rossetti {'The worst moment for the athieist is when he feels thankful and has no one to thank. -Dante Gabriel Rossetti': 1} 
timid {'History does not long entrust the care of freedom to the weak or the timid. -Dwight Eisenhower': 1, 'All men are timid on entering any fight. Whether it is the first or the last fight, all of us are timid. Cowards are those who let their timidity get the better of their manhood. -George Patton': 2, 'Most modern freedom is at root fear. It is not so much that we are too bold to endure rules; it is rather that we are too timid to endure responsibilities. -GK Chesterton': 1} 
stack {"Thus far, the reputed idiot Bush has graduated from Yale and Harvard, made a stack of cash in the oil industry, become the first consecutive-term governor of Texas, defeated a dual-term VP for the presidency, and led his party to [November 5th's] extraordinary triumphs. Let his opponents keep calling him stupid; if they do, within five years Bush will be King of England, the Pope, and world Formula One motor racing champion. -Tim Blair": 1} 
bourgeois {"We all wish to be judged by our peers, by the men 'after our own heart.' Only they really know our mind and only they judge it by standards we fully acknowledge. Theirs is the praise we really covet and the blame we really dread. The little pockets of early Chrstians survived because they cared exclusively for the love of 'the bretheren' and stopped their ears to the opinion of the Pagan society around them. But a circle of criminals, cranks, or perverts survives in just the same way; by becoming deaf to the opinion of the outer world, by discounting it as the chatter of outsiders who 'don't understand,' of the 'conventional,' the 'bourgeois,' the 'Establishment,' of prigs, prudes, and humbugs. -C.S. Lewis": 1} 
recent {"There's no present. There's only the immediate future and the recent past. -George Carlin": 1} 
early {'My formula for success is rise early, work late, and strike oil. -Paul Getty': 1, "We all wish to be judged by our peers, by the men 'after our own heart.' Only they really know our mind and only they judge it by standards we fully acknowledge. Theirs is the praise we really covet and the blame we really dread. The little pockets of early Chrstians survived because they cared exclusively for the love of 'the bretheren' and stopped their ears to the opinion of the Pagan society around them. But a circle of criminals, cranks, or perverts survives in just the same way; by becoming deaf to the opinion of the outer world, by discounting it as the chatter of outsiders who 'don't understand,' of the 'conventional,' the 'bourgeois,' the 'Establishment,' of prigs, prudes, and humbugs. -C.S. Lewis": 1} 
expend {'This will never be a civilized country until we expend more money for books than we do for chewing gum. -Elbert Hubbard': 1} 
task {'Our nettlesome task is to discover how to organize our strength into compelling power. -Martin Luther King Jr.': 1} 
robert louis stevenson {'To be what we are, and to become what we are capable of becoming, is the only end of life. -Robert Louis Stevenson': 1, 'Politics is perhaps the only profession for which no preparation is thought necessary. -Robert Louis Stevenson': 1} 
older {'Old age is fifteen years older than I am. -Oliver Wendell Holmes': 1, 'We turn not older with years, but newer every day. -Emily Dickinson': 1, 'The older I grow the more I distrust the familiar doctrine that age brings wisdom. -Henry Mencken': 1} 
philip l. gramm {"I didn't come to Washington to be loved and I haven't been disappointed. -Philip L. Gramm": 1} 
anybody {'The worst thing that could happen to anybody, would be to not be used for anything by anybody. -Kurt Vonnegut': 2, "To me, it's always a good idea to always carry two sacks of something when you walk around. That way, if anybody says, 'Hey, can you give me a hand?,' you can say, 'Sorry, got these sacks.' -Jack Handey": 1, "Anybody can become angry - that is easy, but to be angry with the right person and to the right degree and at the right time and for the right purpose, and in the right way - that is not within everybody's power and is not easy. -Aristotle": 1, "Everybody can be great... because anybody can serve. You don't have to have a college degree to serve. You don't have to make your subject and verb agree to serve. You only need a heart full of grace. A soul generated by love. -Martin Luther King Jr.": 1, 'Freedom is not something that anybody can be given; freedom is something people take and people are as free as they want to be. -James Baldwin': 1} 
honor {'No nation keeps its word. A nation is a big, blind worm, following what? Fate perhaps. A nation has no honor, it has no word to keep. -Carl Jung': 1, 'I will honor Christmas in my heart, and try to keep it all the year. -Charles Dickens': 1, 'To me there has never been a higher source of earthly honor or distinction than that connected with advances in science. -Isaac Newton': 1, 'It is the dissimilarities and inequalities among men which give rise to the notion of honor; as such differences become less, it grows feeble; and when they disappear, it will vanish too. -Alexis de Tocqueville': 1} 
person {'The first principle is that you must not fool yourself - and you are the easiest person to fool. -Richard P. Feynman': 1, "Anybody can become angry - that is easy, but to be angry with the right person and to the right degree and at the right time and for the right purpose, and in the right way - that is not within everybody's power and is not easy. -Aristotle": 1, 'An optimist is a person who starts a new diet on Thanksgiving Day. -Irv Kupcinet': 1, 'Any reviewer who expresses rage and loathing for a novel is preposterous. He or she is like a person who has put on full armor and attacked a hot fudge sundae. -Kurt Vonnegut': 1, "If you could kick the person in the pants responsible for most of your trouble, you wouldn't sit for a month. -Theodore Roosevelt": 1, 'Nothing gives one person so much advantage over another as to remain always cool and unruffled under all circumstances. -Thomas Jefferson': 1, 'A successful marriage requires falling in love many times, always with the same person. -Germaine Greer': 1, 'For a time, at least, I was the most famous person in the entire world. -Jesse Owens': 1, 'You can discover more about a person in an hour of play than in a year of conversation. -Plato': 1, "Middle age is when you've met so many people that every new person you meet reminds you of someone else. -Ogden Nash": 1, "One of the great attractions of patriotism -- it fulfills our worst wishes. In the person of our nation we are able, vicariously, to bully and cheat. Bully and cheat, what's more, with a feeling that we are profoundly virtuous. -Aldous Huxley": 1, 'The biggest bore is the person who is bored by everyone and everything. -Frank Tyger': 1} 
priced {'The mind of the thoroughly well-informed man is a dreadful thing. It is like a bric-\xe0-brac shop, all monsters and dust, with everything priced above its proper value. -Oscar Wilde': 1} 
thoroughly {'The mind of the thoroughly well-informed man is a dreadful thing. It is like a bric-\xe0-brac shop, all monsters and dust, with everything priced above its proper value. -Oscar Wilde': 1, "No distance of place or lapse of time can lessen the friendship of those who are thoroughly persuaded of each other's worth. -Robert Southey": 1, 'Show me a thoroughly satisfied man and I will show you a failure. -Thomas Edison': 1, 'Nothing before had ever made me thoroughly realise, though I had read various scientific books, that science consists in grouping facts so that general laws or conclusions may be drawn from them. -Charles Darwin': 1} 
five {"Thus far, the reputed idiot Bush has graduated from Yale and Harvard, made a stack of cash in the oil industry, become the first consecutive-term governor of Texas, defeated a dual-term VP for the presidency, and led his party to [November 5th's] extraordinary triumphs. Let his opponents keep calling him stupid; if they do, within five years Bush will be King of England, the Pope, and world Formula One motor racing champion. -Tim Blair": 1, 'You know what the fellow said: In Italy for thirty years under the Borgias they had warfare, terror, murder, and bloodshed, but they produced Michaelangelo, Leonardo Da Vinci, and the Renaissance. In Switzerland, they had brotherly love--they had five hundred years of democracy and peace, and what did they produce? The cuckoo clock. -Orson Welles': 1} 
spend {'If God had wanted us to spend our time fretting about the problems of home ownership, He would never have invented beer. -Dave Barry': 1, 'How we spend our days is, of course, how we spend our lives. -Annie Dillard': 2, 'Are you entitled to the fruits of your labor or does government have some presumptive right to spend and spend and spend? -Ronald Reagan': 3} 
temperamental {"Most football teams are temperamental. That's 90% temper and 10% mental. -Doug Plank": 1} 
cupidity {"Of all tyrannies, a tyranny exercised for the good of its victims may be the most oppressive. It may be better to live under robber barons than under omnipotent moral busybodies. The robber baron's cruelty may sometimes sleep, his cupidity may at some point be satiated; but those who torment us for our own good will torment us without end, for they do so with the approval of their own conscience. -C.S. Lewis": 1} 
uncouth {'No sooner do we depart from sense and instinct to follow reason but we are insensibly drawn into uncouth paradoxes, difficulties, and inconsistencies, which multiply and grow upon us as we advance in speculation; till at length, having wandered through many intricate mazes, we find ourselves just where we were, or, which is worse, sit down in a forlorn scepticism. -George Berkeley': 1} 
listening {'You find out more about God from the Moral Law than from the univerise in general just as you find out more about a man by listening to his conversation than by looking at a house he has built. -C.S. Lewis': 1} 
examining {'The surest way of spoiling a pleasure is to start examining your satisfaction. -C.S. Lewis': 1} 
george macdonald {'There is no strength in unbelief. Even the unbelief of what is false is no source of might. It is the truth shining from behind that gives the strength to disbelieve. -George MacDonald': 1} 
birthday {'Christmas can be celebrated in the school room with pine trees, tinsel and reindeers, but there must be no mention of the man whose birthday is being celebrated. One wonders how a teacher would answer if a student asked why it was called Christmas. -Ronald Reagan': 1, "A diplomat is a man who always remembers a woman's birthday but never remembers her age. -Robert Frost": 1} 
aroma {'Cooking was invented in prehistoric times, when a primitive tribe had a lucky accident. The tribe had killed an animal and was going to eat it raw, when a tribe member named Woog tripped and dropped it into the fire. At first the other tribe members were angry at Woog, but then, as the aroma of burning meat filled the air, they had an idea. So they ate Woog raw. -Dave Barry': 1} 
profoundly {"One of the great attractions of patriotism -- it fulfills our worst wishes. In the person of our nation we are able, vicariously, to bully and cheat. Bully and cheat, what's more, with a feeling that we are profoundly virtuous. -Aldous Huxley": 1} 
shape {'In the long run, we shape our lives and we shape ourselves. The process never ends until we die, and the choices that we make are ultimately our responsibility. -Eleanor Roosevelt': 2} 
unsought {'In the councils of government, we must guard against the acquisition of unwarranted influence, whether sought or unsought, by the military-industrial complex. -Dwight Eisenhower': 1} 
w. somerset maugham {'There are three rules for writing a novel. Unfortunately, no one knows what they are. -W. Somerset Maugham': 1} 
atomic {'I feel impelled to speak today in a language that in a sense is new-one which I, who have spent so much of my life in the military profession, would have preferred never to use. That new language is the language of atomic warfare. -Dwight Eisenhower': 1} 
questions {"Science is not about building a body of known 'facts'. It is a method for asking awkward questions and subjecting them to a reality-check, thus avoiding the human tendency to believe whatever makes us feel good. -Terry Pratchett": 1, 'Philosophy is questions that may never be answered. Religion is answers that may never be questioned. -Author Unknown': 1} 
world {"A University of Chicago professor said the greatest day in the world was when a water puppy crawled out on land and decided to stay. The water puppy, he said, went on to become a man. If he proves that, I am willing to give up Christmas, Thanksgiving, and New Year's Day, and to celebrate Water Puppy Day. -William Jennings Bryan": 1, 'The world is full of suffering. It is also full of overcoming it. -Helen Keller': 1, "When you stop giving and offering something to the rest of the world, it's time to turn out the lights. -George Burns": 1, 'We have to make America the best place in the world to do business. -Dick Cheney': 1, 'Philosophy is to the real world as masturbation is to sex. -Karl Marx': 1, 'The most incomprehensible thing about the world is that it is at all comprehensible. -Albert Einstein': 1, 'The eyes of the world are upon you. The hopes and prayers of liberty-loving people everywhere march with you. -Dwight Eisenhower': 1, 'There is nothing funny about Halloween. This sarcastic festival reflects, rather, an infernal demand for revenge by children on the adult world. -Jean Baudrillard': 1, 'We are living in a world, where what we earn is a function of what we learn. -Bill Clinton': 1, 'The United States stands at the pinnacle of world power. This is a solemn moment for the American democracy. For with primacy in power is joined an awe-inspiring accountability for the future. -Winston Churchill': 1, 'Nothing in the world is more dangerous than sincere ignorance and conscientious stupidity. -Martin Luther King Jr.': 1, 'We have it in our power to begin the world over again. -Thomas Paine': 1, 'Karate is a form of marital arts in which people who have had years and years of training can, using only their hands and feet, make some of the worst movies in the history of the world. -Dave Barry': 1, 'True wisdom comes to each of us when we realize how little we understand about life, ourselves, and the world around us. -Socrates': 1, 'Love yourself first and everything else falls into line. You really have to love yourself to get anything done in this world. -Lucille Ball': 1, 'If the United Nations once admits that international disputes can be settled by using force, then we will have destroyed the foundation of the organization and our best hope of establishing a world order. -Dwight Eisenhower': 1, "I have a hobby...I have the world's largest collection of sea shells. I keep it scattered on beaches all over the world. Maybe you've seen some of it... -Steven Wright": 1, "Don't go around saying the world owes you a living. The world owes you nothing. It was here first. -Mark Twain": 2, 'It is your mind that creates this world. -Siddhartha Buddha': 1, 'On account of being a democracy and run by the people, we are the only nation in the world that has to keep a government four years, no matter what it does. -Will Rogers': 1, "There's nothing sadder in this world than to awake Christmas morning and not be a child. -Erna Bombeck": 1, 'There is no question that there is an unseen world. The problem is, how far is it from midtown and how late is it open? -Woody Allen': 1, "We all wish to be judged by our peers, by the men 'after our own heart.' Only they really know our mind and only they judge it by standards we fully acknowledge. Theirs is the praise we really covet and the blame we really dread. The little pockets of early Chrstians survived because they cared exclusively for the love of 'the bretheren' and stopped their ears to the opinion of the Pagan society around them. But a circle of criminals, cranks, or perverts survives in just the same way; by becoming deaf to the opinion of the outer world, by discounting it as the chatter of outsiders who 'don't understand,' of the 'conventional,' the 'bourgeois,' the 'Establishment,' of prigs, prudes, and humbugs. -C.S. Lewis": 1, 'The best and most beautiful things in the world cannot be seen or even touched. They must be felt with the heart. -Helen Keller': 1, "Thus far, the reputed idiot Bush has graduated from Yale and Harvard, made a stack of cash in the oil industry, become the first consecutive-term governor of Texas, defeated a dual-term VP for the presidency, and led his party to [November 5th's] extraordinary triumphs. Let his opponents keep calling him stupid; if they do, within five years Bush will be King of England, the Pope, and world Formula One motor racing champion. -Tim Blair": 1, "Don't worry about the world coming to an end today. It's already tomorrow in Australia. -Charles Schulz": 1, 'For a time, at least, I was the most famous person in the entire world. -Jesse Owens': 1, 'The greatest thing in this world is not so much where we are, but in what direction we are moving. -Oliver Wendell Holmes': 1, 'I wake each morning torn between the desire to improve the world and the desire to enjoy it. It makes it hard to plan the day. -E.B. White': 1, 'Ocean: A body of water occupying 2/3 of a world made for man...who has no gills. -Ambrose Bierce': 1, "You know, there's a million fine looking women in the world, dude. But they don't all bring you lasagna at work. Most of 'em just cheat on you. -Kevin Smith": 1, 'Those who forget good and evil and seek only to know the facts are more likely to achieve good than those who view the world through the distorting medium of their own desires. -Bertrand Russell': 1, 'You must be the change you wish to see in the world. -Mahatma Gandhi': 1, 'From kindergarten to graduation, I went to public schools, and I know that they are a key to being sure that every child has a chance to succeed and to rise in the world. -Dick Cheney': 1} 
useful {"I think, at a child's birth, if a mother could ask a fairy godmother to endow it with the most useful gift, that gift should be curiosity. -Eleanor Roosevelt": 1} 
unto {"'Tis the business of little minds to shrink, but he whose heart is firm, and whose conscience approves his conduct, will pursue his principles unto death. -Thomas Paine": 1} 
contradicting {'Trust the people. This is the one irrefutable lesson of the entire postwar period contradicting the notion that rigid government controls are essential to economic development. -Ronald Reagan': 1} 
defenders {'It must be remembered that there is nothing more difficult to plan, more doubtful of success nor more dangerous to manage than the creation of a new system. For the initiator has the enmity of all who profit by the preservation of the old institution and merely lukewarm defenders in those who would gain by the new one. -Nicolo Machiavelli': 1, 'The nation which forgets its defenders will be itself forgotten. -Calvin Coolidge': 1} 
conclusions {'Nothing before had ever made me thoroughly realise, though I had read various scientific books, that science consists in grouping facts so that general laws or conclusions may be drawn from them. -Charles Darwin': 1} 
disappointed {'Men marry because they are tired; women because they are curious. Both are disappointed. -Oscar Wilde': 1, "I didn't come to Washington to be loved and I haven't been disappointed. -Philip L. Gramm": 1} 
exclusively {'Those who believe they are exclusively in the right are generally those who achieve something. -Aldous Huxley': 1, "We all wish to be judged by our peers, by the men 'after our own heart.' Only they really know our mind and only they judge it by standards we fully acknowledge. Theirs is the praise we really covet and the blame we really dread. The little pockets of early Chrstians survived because they cared exclusively for the love of 'the bretheren' and stopped their ears to the opinion of the Pagan society around them. But a circle of criminals, cranks, or perverts survives in just the same way; by becoming deaf to the opinion of the outer world, by discounting it as the chatter of outsiders who 'don't understand,' of the 'conventional,' the 'bourgeois,' the 'Establishment,' of prigs, prudes, and humbugs. -C.S. Lewis": 1} 
eager {'There is a great deal of difference between an eager man who wants to read a book and the tired man who wants a book to read. -GK Chesterton': 1} 
caesar {'Alexander, Caesar, Charlemagne, and myself founded empires; but what foundation did we rest the creations of our genius? Upon force. Jesus Christ founded an empire upon love; and at this hour millions of men would die for Him. -Napoleon Bonaparte': 1} 
parents {'I believe one of the reasons so many do not get a higher education is the fear of their parents that they will lose more morally than they will receive mentally. -William Jennings Bryan': 1, 'Back in the old days, most families were close-knit. Grown children and their parents continued to live together, under the same roof, sometimes in the same small, crowded room, year in and year out, until they died, frequently by strangulation. -Dave Barry': 1, "Parents are not interested in justice, they're interested in peace and quiet. -Bill Cosby": 1, 'The man who disobeys his parents will have disobedient sons. -Nachman of Bratslav': 1, 'Have children while your parents are still young enough to take care of them. -Rita Rudner': 1} 
plateau {"Happiness is so hard to define and foolish to define. Am I acting? That's the worst thing you can ask yourself. You can be happy suddenly. It can spring on you, not when you reach a plateau. You can be happy going backward or going down. You can be happy at the loss of something. -Steve Martin": 1} 
tamer {'Everyone is in awe of the lion tamer in a cage with half a dozen lions -- everyone but a school bus driver. -Laurence Peter': 1} 
presidents {"I've worked for four presidents and watched two others up close, and I know that there's no such thing as a routine day in the Oval Office. -Dick Cheney": 1} 
comprehensible {'The most incomprehensible thing about the world is that it is at all comprehensible. -Albert Einstein': 1} 
hates {"I told my psychiatrist that everyone hates me. He said I was being ridiculous - everyone hasn't met me yet. -Rodney Dangerfield": 1, 'True patriotism hates injustice in its own land more than anywhere else. -Clarence Darrow': 1} 
complaint {'Life is a fatal complaint, and an eminently contagious one. -Oliver Wendell Holmes': 1} 
australia {"Don't worry about the world coming to an end today. It's already tomorrow in Australia. -Charles Schulz": 1} 
march {'The eyes of the world are upon you. The hopes and prayers of liberty-loving people everywhere march with you. -Dwight Eisenhower': 1} 
amended {'The ACLU is always yakking about the Constitution, and most of us are getting mighty tired of it. I mean, if the Constitution is so great, how come it was amended so many times? Huh? -Dave Barry': 1} 
emergency {'Though force can protect in emergency, only justice, fairness, consideration and cooperation can finally lead men to the dawn of eternal peace. -Dwight Eisenhower': 1} 
big {'It takes a long time to turn a big country around. -Bill Clinton': 1, 'No nation keeps its word. A nation is a big, blind worm, following what? Fate perhaps. A nation has no honor, it has no word to keep. -Carl Jung': 1, 'If variety is the spice of life, marriage is the big can of leftover Spam. -Johnny Carson': 1, "Forgive, O Lord, my little jokes on Thee, and I'll forgive Thy great big joke on me. -Robert Frost": 1} 
showing {'When nothing seems to help, I go and look at a stonecutter hammering away at his rock perhaps a hundred times without as much as a crack showing in it. Yet at the hundred and first blow it will split in two, and I know it was not that blow that did it, but all that had gone before. -Jacob August Riis': 1} 
rhis {'Rhis is to be asserted in general of men: that they are ungrateful, fickle, false, cowardly, covetous, and as long as you succeed, are yours entirely; they will offer you their blood, property, life, and children...when the need is far distant; but when it approaches, they will turn against you. -Nicolo Machiavelli': 1} 
joined {'The United States stands at the pinnacle of world power. This is a solemn moment for the American democracy. For with primacy in power is joined an awe-inspiring accountability for the future. -Winston Churchill': 1} 
matters {'You are young, my son, and, as the years go by, time will change and even reverse many of your present opinions. Refrain therefore awhile from setting yourself up as a judge of the highest matters. -Plato': 1} 
suffering {'We are healed from suffering only by experiencing it to the full. -Marcel Proust': 1, 'The world is full of suffering. It is also full of overcoming it. -Helen Keller': 1, "The statistics on sanity are that one out of every four Americans are suffering from some form of mental illness. Think of your three best friends. If they're okay, then it's you. -Rita Mae Brown": 1} 
apt {'As Mankind becomes more liberal, they will be more apt to allow that all those who conduct themselves as worthy members of the community are equally entitled to the protections of civil government. I hope ever to see America among the foremost nations of justice and liberality. -George Washington': 1} 
streetsweeper {'If a man is called to be a streetsweeper, he should sweep streets even as Michelangelo painted, or Beethoven composed music, or Shakespeare wrote poetry. He should sweep streets so well that all the host of heaven and earth will pause to say, here lived a great streetsweeper who did his job well. -Martin Luther King Jr.': 2} 
lunacy {'To explain the unknown by the known is a logical procedure; to explain the known by the unknown is a form of theological lunacy. -David Brooks': 1} 
projects {'Reason is experimental intelligence, conceived after the pattern of science, and used in the creation of social arts; it has something to do. It liberates man from the bondage of the past, due to ignorance and accident hardened into custom. It projects a better future and assists man in its realization. -John Dewey': 1} 
univerise {'You find out more about God from the Moral Law than from the univerise in general just as you find out more about a man by listening to his conversation than by looking at a house he has built. -C.S. Lewis': 1} 
knock {"Don't knock the weather; nine-tenths of the people couldn't start a conversation if it didn't change once in a while. -Kin Hubbard": 1} 
success {"Never continue in a job you don't enjoy. If you're happy in what you're doing, you'll like yourself, you'll have inner peace. And if you have that, along with physical health, you will have had more success than you could possibly have imagined. -Johnny Carson": 1, 'There are no secrets to success. It is the result of preparation, hard work, and learning from failure. -Colin Powell': 1, 'It must be remembered that there is nothing more difficult to plan, more doubtful of success nor more dangerous to manage than the creation of a new system. For the initiator has the enmity of all who profit by the preservation of the old institution and merely lukewarm defenders in those who would gain by the new one. -Nicolo Machiavelli': 1, "Many of life's failures are people who did not realize how close they were to success when they gave up. -Thomas Edison": 1, 'Intoxicated with unbroken success, we have become too self-sufficient to feel the necessity of redeeming and preserving grace, too proud to pray to the God that made us. -Abraham Lincoln': 1, "Talent alone won't make you a success. Neither will being in the right place at the right time, unless you are ready. The most important question is: 'Are you ready?' -Johnny Carson": 1, 'Success, the real success, does not depend upon the position you hold but upon how you carry yourself in that position. -Theodore Roosevelt': 2, 'My formula for success is rise early, work late, and strike oil. -Paul Getty': 1, 'Success is going from failure to failure without losing enthusiasm. -Winston Churchill': 1, 'I honestly think it is better to be a failure at something you love than to be a success at something you hate. -George Burns': 1, 'Failure is success if we learn from it. -Malcolm Forbes': 1, 'Success does not consist in never making mistakes but in never making the same one a second time. -George Bernard Shaw': 1, 'The best of life is conversation, and the greatest success is confidence, or perfect understanding between two people. -Ralph Waldo Emerson': 1} 
submission {'The cost of freedom is always high, but Americans have always paid it. And one path we shall never choose, and that is the path of surrender, or submission. -John F. Kennedy': 1} 
marvelous {'Experience is that marvelous thing that enables you to recognize a mistake when you make it again. -Franklin Jones': 1} 
systematically {'It is astonishing what an effort it seems to be for many people to put their brains definitely and systematically to work. -Thomas Edison': 1} 
message {'My life is my message. -Mahatma Gandhi': 1} 
glove {"If you're in a boxing match, try not to let the other guy's glove touch your lips, because you don't know where that glove has been. -Jack Handey": 2} 
heart {"'Tis the business of little minds to shrink, but he whose heart is firm, and whose conscience approves his conduct, will pursue his principles unto death. -Thomas Paine": 1, 'I will honor Christmas in my heart, and try to keep it all the year. -Charles Dickens': 1, 'The mystic chords of memory, stretching from every battlefield and patriot grave to every living heart and hearthstone all over this broad land, will yet swell the chorus of the Union, when again touched, as surely they will be, by the better angels of our nature. -Abraham Lincoln': 1, 'Love anything and your heart will be wrung and possibly broken. If you want to make sure of keeping it intact you must give it to no one, not even an animal. Wrap it carefully round with hobbies and little luxuries; avoid all entanglements. Lock it up safe in the casket or coffin of your selfishness. But in that casket, safe, dark, motionless, airless, it will change. It will not be broken; it will become unbreakable, impenetrable, irredeemable. To love is to be vulnerable. -C.S. Lewis': 1, "We all wish to be judged by our peers, by the men 'after our own heart.' Only they really know our mind and only they judge it by standards we fully acknowledge. Theirs is the praise we really covet and the blame we really dread. The little pockets of early Chrstians survived because they cared exclusively for the love of 'the bretheren' and stopped their ears to the opinion of the Pagan society around them. But a circle of criminals, cranks, or perverts survives in just the same way; by becoming deaf to the opinion of the outer world, by discounting it as the chatter of outsiders who 'don't understand,' of the 'conventional,' the 'bourgeois,' the 'Establishment,' of prigs, prudes, and humbugs. -C.S. Lewis": 1, 'The best and most beautiful things in the world cannot be seen or even touched. They must be felt with the heart. -Helen Keller': 1, 'Show me your hands. Do they have scars from giving? Show me your feet. Are they wounded in service? Show me your heart. Have you left a place for divine love? -Fulton J. Sheen': 1, "Everybody can be great... because anybody can serve. You don't have to have a college degree to serve. You don't have to make your subject and verb agree to serve. You only need a heart full of grace. A soul generated by love. -Martin Luther King Jr.": 1, "In every man's heart there is a secret nerve that answers to the vibrations of beauty. -Christopher Morley": 1, 'The heart has its reasons, of which the mind knows nothing. -Blaise Pascal': 1} 
erna bombeck {"A grandmother pretends she doesn't know who you are on Halloween. -Erna Bombeck": 1, "There's nothing sadder in this world than to awake Christmas morning and not be a child. -Erna Bombeck": 1, "One thing they never tell you about child raising is that for the rest of your life, at the drop of a hat, you are expected to know your child's name and how old he or she is. -Erna Bombeck": 1, "There are people who put their dreams in a little box and say, Yes, I've got dreams, of course I've got dreams. Then they put the box away and bring it out once in awhile to look in it, and yep, they're still there. -Erna Bombeck": 1, 'It takes a lot of courage to show your dreams to someone else. -Erna Bombeck': 1} 
distrust {'The older I grow the more I distrust the familiar doctrine that age brings wisdom. -Henry Mencken': 1} 
continue {"Never continue in a job you don't enjoy. If you're happy in what you're doing, you'll like yourself, you'll have inner peace. And if you have that, along with physical health, you will have had more success than you could possibly have imagined. -Johnny Carson": 1} 
carl jung {'The least of things with a meaning is worth more in life than the greatest of things without it. -Carl Jung': 1, 'Through pride we are ever deceiving ourselves. But deep down below the surface of the average conscience a still, small voice says to us, something is out of tune. -Carl Jung': 1, 'Everything that irritates us about others can lead us to an understanding of ourselves. -Carl Jung': 1, 'No nation keeps its word. A nation is a big, blind worm, following what? Fate perhaps. A nation has no honor, it has no word to keep. -Carl Jung': 1, 'Death is psychologically as important as birth. Shrinking away from it is something unhealthy and abnormal which robs the second half of life of its purpose. -Carl Jung': 1, 'In all chaos there is a cosmos, in all disorder a secret order. -Carl Jung': 1, 'Knowledge rests not upon truth alone, but upon error also. -Carl Jung': 1} 
gustave flaubert {'Of all lies, art is the least untrue. -Gustave Flaubert': 1} 
foolish {"Happiness is so hard to define and foolish to define. Am I acting? That's the worst thing you can ask yourself. You can be happy suddenly. It can spring on you, not when you reach a plateau. You can be happy going backward or going down. You can be happy at the loss of something. -Steve Martin": 1} 
disorder {'In all chaos there is a cosmos, in all disorder a secret order. -Carl Jung': 1} 
essential {'Trust the people. This is the one irrefutable lesson of the entire postwar period contradicting the notion that rigid government controls are essential to economic development. -Ronald Reagan': 1, 'They that can give up essential liberty to obtain a little temporary safety deserve neither liberty nor safety. -Benjamin Franklin': 1} 
often {'The act of policing is, in order to punish less often, to punish more severely. -Napoleon Bonaparte': 1, 'Imagination will often carry us to worlds that never were. But without it, we go nowhere. -Carl Sagan': 1, 'I have often wondered how it is that every man loves himself more than all the rest of men, but yet sets less value on his own opinion of himself than on the opinion of others. -Marcus Aurelius': 1} 
absolutely {'No human relation gives one possession in another...every two souls are absolutely different. In friendship and in love, the two side by side raise hands together to find what one cannot reach alone. -Kahlil Gibran': 1, 'Collecting more taxes than is absolutely necessary is legalized robbery. -Calvin Coolidge': 1} 
spring {'Every year, back comes Spring, with nasty little birds yapping their fool heads off and the ground all mucked up with plants. -Dorothy Parker': 1, "Happiness is so hard to define and foolish to define. Am I acting? That's the worst thing you can ask yourself. You can be happy suddenly. It can spring on you, not when you reach a plateau. You can be happy going backward or going down. You can be happy at the loss of something. -Steve Martin": 1} 
fathers {'Mothers are fonder than fathers of their children because they are more certain they are their own. -Aristotle': 1, 'There are fathers who do not love their children; there is no grandfather who does not adore his grandson. -Victor Hugo': 1} 
creation {'It must be remembered that there is nothing more difficult to plan, more doubtful of success nor more dangerous to manage than the creation of a new system. For the initiator has the enmity of all who profit by the preservation of the old institution and merely lukewarm defenders in those who would gain by the new one. -Nicolo Machiavelli': 1, 'Reason is experimental intelligence, conceived after the pattern of science, and used in the creation of social arts; it has something to do. It liberates man from the bondage of the past, due to ignorance and accident hardened into custom. It projects a better future and assists man in its realization. -John Dewey': 1, 'What we are today comes from our thoughts of yesterday and our present thoughts build our life tomorrow. Our life is the creation of our mind. -Siddhartha Buddha': 1} 
some {"I have a hobby...I have the world's largest collection of sea shells. I keep it scattered on beaches all over the world. Maybe you've seen some of it... -Steven Wright": 1, 'That the innocent, though they may have some connexion or dependency upon the guilty (which, perhaps, they themselves cannot help), should not, upon that account, suffer or be punished for the guilty, is one of the plainest and most obvious rules of justice. -Adam Smith': 1, 'Everything except God has some natural superior; everything except unformed matter has some natural inferior. -C.S. Lewis': 2, 'The customs and fashions of men change like leaves on the bough, some of which go and others come. -Dante Alighieri': 1, "I planted some bird seed. A bird came up. Now I don't know what to feed it. -Steven Wright": 1, "There are some who've forgotten why we have a military. It's not to promote war; it's to be prepared for peace. -Ronald Reagan": 1, 'Some succeed by what they know; some by what they do; and a few by what they are. -Elbert Hubbard': 2, "The statistics on sanity are that one out of every four Americans are suffering from some form of mental illness. Think of your three best friends. If they're okay, then it's you. -Rita Mae Brown": 1, 'A word is dead when it is said, some say. I say it just begins to live that day. -Emily Dickinson': 1, 'The Nation which indulges toward another an habitual hatred or an habitual fondness is in some degree a slave. It is a slave to its animosity or to its affection, either of which is sufficient to lead it astray from its duty and its interest. -George Washington': 1, "Some folks look at me and see a certain swagger, which in Texas is called 'walking.' -George W. Bush": 1, 'Karate is a form of marital arts in which people who have had years and years of training can, using only their hands and feet, make some of the worst movies in the history of the world. -Dave Barry': 1, 'I arrive at the end of this review having done my duty as a critic. I have described the movie accurately and you have a good idea what you are in for if you go to see it. Most of you will not. I cannot argue with you. Some of you will--the brave and the curious. You embody the spirit of the man who first wondered what it would taste like to eat an oyster. -Roger Ebert': 1, 'A powerful idea communicates some of its strength to him who challenges it. -Marcel Proust': 1, 'Some of your countrymen were unable to distinguish between their native dislike for war and the stainless patriotism of those who suffered its scars. But there has been a rethinking and now we can say to you, and say as a nation, thank you for your courage. -Ronald Reagan': 1, "When this girl at the museum asked me who I liked better, Monet or Manet, I said, 'I like mayonnaise.' She just stared at me, so I said it again, louder. Then she left. I guess she went to try to find some mayonnaise for me. -Jack Handey": 1, 'All men are frauds. The only difference between them is that some admit it. I myself deny it. -Henry Mencken': 1, "Of all tyrannies, a tyranny exercised for the good of its victims may be the most oppressive. It may be better to live under robber barons than under omnipotent moral busybodies. The robber baron's cruelty may sometimes sleep, his cupidity may at some point be satiated; but those who torment us for our own good will torment us without end, for they do so with the approval of their own conscience. -C.S. Lewis": 1, 'Are you entitled to the fruits of your labor or does government have some presumptive right to spend and spend and spend? -Ronald Reagan': 1} 
back {"We all want progress, but if you're on the wrong road, progress means doing an about-turn and walking back to the right road; in that case, the man who turns back soonest is the most progressive. -C.S. Lewis": 2, "To me, clowns aren't funny. In fact, they're kinda scary. I've wondered where this started, and I think it goes back to the time I went to the circus and a clown killed my dad. -Jack Handey": 1, 'Every year, back comes Spring, with nasty little birds yapping their fool heads off and the ground all mucked up with plants. -Dorothy Parker': 1, 'Back in the old days, most families were close-knit. Grown children and their parents continued to live together, under the same roof, sometimes in the same small, crowded room, year in and year out, until they died, frequently by strangulation. -Dave Barry': 1, 'Opera is when a guy gets stabbed in the back and, instead of bleeding, he sings. -Ed Gardner': 1, 'A mind that is stretched by a new experience can never go back to its old dimensions. -Oliver Wendell Holmes': 1, 'Happy, happy Christmas, that can win us back to the delusions of our childhood days, recall to the old man the pleasures of his youth, and transport the traveler back to his own fireside and quiet home! -Charles Dickens': 2} 
understood {'Of course the people dont want war...that is understood. But voice or no voice, the people can always be brought to the bidding of the leaders. That is easy. All you have to do is tell them they are being attacked, and denounce the pacifists for lack of patriotism and exposing the country to danger. It works the same in any country. -Hermann Goering': 1, 'The supernatural is the natural not yet understood. -Elbert Hubbard': 1} 
lips {"If you're in a boxing match, try not to let the other guy's glove touch your lips, because you don't know where that glove has been. -Jack Handey": 1, 'Truth sits upon the lips of dying men. -Matthew Arnold': 1, 'How did it happen that their lips came together? How does it happen that birds sing, that snow melts, that the rose unfolds, that the dawn whitens behind the stark shapes of trees on the quivering summit of the hill? A kiss, and all was said. -Victor Hugo': 1} 
economic {'There can be no liberty unless there is economic liberty. -Margaret Thatcher': 1, 'Trust the people. This is the one irrefutable lesson of the entire postwar period contradicting the notion that rigid government controls are essential to economic development. -Ronald Reagan': 1} 
mighty {'The ACLU is always yakking about the Constitution, and most of us are getting mighty tired of it. I mean, if the Constitution is so great, how come it was amended so many times? Huh? -Dave Barry': 1, 'From the prodigious hilltops of New Hampshire, let freedom ring. From the mighty mountains of New York, let freedom ring. From the heightening Alleghenies of Pennsylvania, let freedom ring. But not only that: Let freedom ring from every hill and molehill of Mississippi. -Martin Luther King Jr.': 1} 
clown {"To me, clowns aren't funny. In fact, they're kinda scary. I've wondered where this started, and I think it goes back to the time I went to the circus and a clown killed my dad. -Jack Handey": 1} 
sight {'Beauty is all very well at first sight; but whoever looks at it when it has been in the house three days? -George Bernard Shaw': 1} 
lingers {'Knowledge comes, but wisdom lingers. -Calvin Coolidge': 1} 
selfishness {'Every man must decide whether he will walk in the light of creative altruism or in the darkness of destructive selfishness. -Martin Luther King Jr.': 1, 'Love anything and your heart will be wrung and possibly broken. If you want to make sure of keeping it intact you must give it to no one, not even an animal. Wrap it carefully round with hobbies and little luxuries; avoid all entanglements. Lock it up safe in the casket or coffin of your selfishness. But in that casket, safe, dark, motionless, airless, it will change. It will not be broken; it will become unbreakable, impenetrable, irredeemable. To love is to be vulnerable. -C.S. Lewis': 1} 
candle {'Life is no brief candle to me. It is a sort of splendid torch which I have got a hold of for the moment, and I want to make it burn as brightly as possible before handing it onto future generations. -George Bernard Shaw': 1} 
ourselves {'Were it possible for us to wait for ourselves to come into the room, not many of us would find our hearts breaking into flower as we heard the door handle turn. -Rebecca West': 1, 'In the long run, we shape our lives and we shape ourselves. The process never ends until we die, and the choices that we make are ultimately our responsibility. -Eleanor Roosevelt': 1, 'No sooner do we depart from sense and instinct to follow reason but we are insensibly drawn into uncouth paradoxes, difficulties, and inconsistencies, which multiply and grow upon us as we advance in speculation; till at length, having wandered through many intricate mazes, we find ourselves just where we were, or, which is worse, sit down in a forlorn scepticism. -George Berkeley': 1, 'Being is desirable because it is identical with Beauty, and Beauty is loved because it is Being. We ourselves possess Beauty when we are true to our own being; ugliness is in going over to another order; knowing ourselves, we are beautiful; in self-ignorance, we are ugly. -Ambrose Bierce': 2, 'Through pride we are ever deceiving ourselves. But deep down below the surface of the average conscience a still, small voice says to us, something is out of tune. -Carl Jung': 1, 'We are never deceived; we deceive ourselves. -Johann Wolfgang von Goethe': 1, 'Everything that irritates us about others can lead us to an understanding of ourselves. -Carl Jung': 1, 'The greatest happiness of life is the conviction that we are loved, loved for ourselves, or rather, loved in spite of ourselves. -Victor Hugo': 2, 'True wisdom comes to each of us when we realize how little we understand about life, ourselves, and the world around us. -Socrates': 1, 'There is luxury in self-reproach. When we blame ourselves, we feel no one else has a right to blame us. -Oscar Wilde': 1, 'It is only our bad temper that we put down to being tired or worried or hungry; we put our good temper down to ourselves. -C.S. Lewis': 1} 
charles dickens {'I will honor Christmas in my heart, and try to keep it all the year. -Charles Dickens': 1, 'Happy, happy Christmas, that can win us back to the delusions of our childhood days, recall to the old man the pleasures of his youth, and transport the traveler back to his own fireside and quiet home! -Charles Dickens': 1} 
gradually {'Against criticism a man can neither protest nor defend himself; he must act in spite of it, and then it will gradually yield to him. -Johann Wolfgang von Goethe': 1} 
fears {'Why, you can take the most gallant sailor, the most intrepid airman or the most audacious soldier, put them at a table together - what do you get? The sum of their fears. -Winston Churchill': 1} 
affects {'Whatever affects one directly, affects all indirectly. I can never be what I ought to be until you are what you ought to be. This is the interrelated structure of reality. -Martin Luther King Jr.': 2} 
decision {"Ever notice that 'what the hell' is always the right decision? -Marilyn Monroe": 1, 'In any moment of decision, the best thing you can do is the right thing. The worst thing you can do is nothing. -Theodore Roosevelt': 1} 
psychologically {'Death is psychologically as important as birth. Shrinking away from it is something unhealthy and abnormal which robs the second half of life of its purpose. -Carl Jung': 1} 
signifies {'Every gun that is made, every warship launched, every rocket fired, signifies in the final sense a theft from those who hunger and are not fed, those who are cold and are not clothed. -Dwight Eisenhower': 1} 
per {'To defend Western Europe we have to let the Pentagon buy all these tanks and guns and things, and the Pentagon is unable to buy any object that that costs less than a condominium in Vail. If the Pentagon needs, say, fruit, it will argue that it must have fruit that can withstand the rigors of combat conditions, and it will wind up purchasing the FX-700 Seedless Tactical Grape, which will cost $160,000 per bunch, and will have an 83 percent failure rate. -Dave Barry': 1, 'Genius is one per cent inspiration, ninety-nine per cent perspiration. -Thomas Edison': 2} 
religion {'Where knowledge ends, religion begins. -Benjamin Disraeli': 1, 'The Bible is not my book, and Christianity is not my religion. I could never give assent to the long, complicated statements of Christian dogma. -Abraham Lincoln': 1, 'Religion operates not only on the vertical plane but also on the horizontal. It seeks not only to integrate men with God but to integrate men with men and each man with himself. -Martin Luther King Jr.': 1, 'Nobody can have the consolations of religion or philosophy unless he has first experienced their desolations. -Aldous Huxley': 1, 'Religion to me has always been the wound, not the bandage. -Dennis Potter': 1, 'Theology is only thought applied to religion. -GK Chesterton': 1, 'We know too much, and are convinced of too little. Our literature is a substitute for religion, and so is our religion. -T.S. Eliot': 2, 'Science without religion is lame, religion without science is blind. -Albert Einstein': 2, "We must repsect the other fellow's religion, but only in the sense and to the extent that we respect his theory that his wife is beautiful and his children are smart. -Henry Mencken": 1, 'Philosophy is questions that may never be answered. Religion is answers that may never be questioned. -Author Unknown': 1} 
confounds {'As every divided kingdom falls, so every mind divided between many studies confounds and saps itself. -Leonardo da Vinci': 1} 
civilization {'Let us not forget that the cultivation of the earth is the most important labor of man. When tillage begins, other arts will follow. The farmers, therefore, are the founders of civilization. -Daniel Webster': 1} 
wrath {'I was angry with my friend I told my wrath, my wrath did end. I was angry with my foe: I told it not, my wrath did grow. -William Blake': 3} 
artist's {"My role in society, or any artist's or poet's role, is to try and express what we all feel. Not to tell people how to feel. Not as a preacher, not as a leader, but as a reflection of us all. -John Lennon": 1} 
forgets {'Marriage is the alliance of two people, one of whom never remembers birthdays and the other who never forgets. -Ogden Nash': 1, 'The nation which forgets its defenders will be itself forgotten. -Calvin Coolidge': 1} 
resolutely {'If you are resolutely determined to make a lawyer of yourself, the thing is more than half done already. -Abraham Lincoln': 1} 
either {'The Nation which indulges toward another an habitual hatred or an habitual fondness is in some degree a slave. It is a slave to its animosity or to its affection, either of which is sufficient to lead it astray from its duty and its interest. -George Washington': 1, 'It is by the goodness of God that, in this country, we have three benefits: freedom of speech, freedom of thought, and the wisdom never to use either. -Mark Twain': 1, 'A man who desires to get married should know either everything or nothing. -Oscar Wilde': 1, 'Either write something worth reading or do something worth writing. -Benjamin Franklin': 1} 
be {'Music expresses that which cannot be said and on which it is impossible to be silent. -Victor Hugo': 2, 'Humility must always be the portion of any man who receives acclaim earned in blood of his followers and sacrifices of his friends. -Dwight Eisenhower': 1, 'As Mankind becomes more liberal, they will be more apt to allow that all those who conduct themselves as worthy members of the community are equally entitled to the protections of civil government. I hope ever to see America among the foremost nations of justice and liberality. -George Washington': 1, 'Everything that used to be a sin is now a disease. -Bill Maher': 1, 'To be awake is to be alive. -Henry Thoreau': 2, 'To be prepared for war is one of the most effectual means of preserving peace. -George Washington': 1, "Happiness is so hard to define and foolish to define. Am I acting? That's the worst thing you can ask yourself. You can be happy suddenly. It can spring on you, not when you reach a plateau. You can be happy going backward or going down. You can be happy at the loss of something. -Steve Martin": 3, 'Rhis is to be asserted in general of men: that they are ungrateful, fickle, false, cowardly, covetous, and as long as you succeed, are yours entirely; they will offer you their blood, property, life, and children...when the need is far distant; but when it approaches, they will turn against you. -Nicolo Machiavelli': 1, "The puritanism of Christianity has played havoc with the moderation that an enlightened and tolerant critical spirit would have produced. I've noticed that in whatever country, county, town, or other region there is a regulation enjoining temperance, the population seems to be entirely composed of teetotallers and drunkards. There's a Bible on that shelf there. But I keep it next to Voltaire - poison and antidote. -Bertrand Russell": 1, 'Education is an admirable thing, but it is well to remember from time to time that nothing that is worth knowing can be taught. -Oscar Wilde': 1, "Anybody can become angry - that is easy, but to be angry with the right person and to the right degree and at the right time and for the right purpose, and in the right way - that is not within everybody's power and is not easy. -Aristotle": 1, 'Certain thoughts are prayers. There are moments when, whatever be the attitude of the body, the soul is on its knees. -Victor Hugo': 1, 'It is better to be bold than too circumspect, because fortune is of a sex which likes not a tardy wooer and repulses all who are not ardent. -Nicolo Machiavelli': 1, 'I have been the artist with the longest career, and I am so proud and honoured to be chosen from heaven to be invincible. -Michael Jackson': 2, "What sunshine is to flowers, smiles are to humanity. These are but trifles, to be sure; but scattered along life's pathway, the good they do is inconceivable. -Joseph Addison": 1, 'People have a way of becoming what you encourage them to be, not what you nag them to be. -Author Unknown': 2, "Of all tyrannies, a tyranny exercised for the good of its victims may be the most oppressive. It may be better to live under robber barons than under omnipotent moral busybodies. The robber baron's cruelty may sometimes sleep, his cupidity may at some point be satiated; but those who torment us for our own good will torment us without end, for they do so with the approval of their own conscience. -C.S. Lewis": 3, 'Whatever affects one directly, affects all indirectly. I can never be what I ought to be until you are what you ought to be. This is the interrelated structure of reality. -Martin Luther King Jr.': 3, 'People will pay more to be entertained than educated. -Johnny Carson': 1, 'The laws of gravity cannot be held responsible for people falling in love. -Albert Einstein': 1, "There's nothing sadder in this world than to awake Christmas morning and not be a child. -Erna Bombeck": 1, "It is necessary for the welfare of society that genius should be privileged to utter sedition, to blaspheme, to outrage good taste, to corrupt the youthful mind, and generally to scandalize one's uncles. -George Bernard Shaw": 1, "Without computers, the government would be unable to function at the level of effectiveness and efficiency that we have come to expect.  This is because the primary function of the government is -- and here I am quoting directly from the U.S. Constitution -- 'to spew out paper.' -Dave Barry": 1, 'Christmas can be celebrated in the school room with pine trees, tinsel and reindeers, but there must be no mention of the man whose birthday is being celebrated. One wonders how a teacher would answer if a student asked why it was called Christmas. -Ronald Reagan': 2, 'It still remains true that no justification of virtue will enable a man to be virtuous. -C.S. Lewis': 1, "I think, at a child's birth, if a mother could ask a fairy godmother to endow it with the most useful gift, that gift should be curiosity. -Eleanor Roosevelt": 1, "To be wise and love exceeds man's might. -William Shakespeare": 1, 'Freedom is never voluntarily given by the oppressor; it must be demanded by the oppressed. -Martin Luther King Jr.': 1, 'My dream is of a place and a time where America will once again be seen as the last best hope of earth. -Abraham Lincoln': 1, 'Always leave something to wish for; otherwise you will be miserable from your very happiness. -Baltasar Gracian': 1, 'Without music, life would be a mistake. -Friedrich Nietzsche': 1, 'The greatness of our country has been based on our thinking that everyone has a right even to be wrong. -Ronald Reagan': 1, "It is a good idea to ''shop around'' before you settle on a doctor. Ask about the condition of his Mercedes. Ask about the competence of his mechanic. Don't be shy! After all, you're paying for it. -Dave Barry": 1, 'It is one of the blessings of old friends that you can afford to be stupid with them. -Ralph Waldo Emerson': 1, 'If all our misfortunes were laid in one common heap, whence everyone must take an equal portion, most people would be content to take their own and depart. -Socrates': 1, 'To you taxpayers out there, let me say this: Make sure you file your tax return on time! And remember that, even though income taxes can be a \x93pain in the neck,\x94 the folks at the IRS are regular people just like you, except that they can destroy your life. -Dave Barry': 1, "Don't walk in front of me, I may not follow. Don't walk behind me, I may not lead. Just walk beside me and be my friend. -Albert Camus": 1, 'Freedom is not something that anybody can be given; freedom is something people take and people are as free as they want to be. -James Baldwin': 2, 'A truly great book should be read in youth, again in maturity and once more in old age, as a fine building should be seen by morning light, at noon and by moonlight. -Robertson Davies': 2, 'It must be remembered that there is nothing more difficult to plan, more doubtful of success nor more dangerous to manage than the creation of a new system. For the initiator has the enmity of all who profit by the preservation of the old institution and merely lukewarm defenders in those who would gain by the new one. -Nicolo Machiavelli': 1, 'A free society is one where it is safe to be unpopular. -Adlai Stevenson': 1, "As a woman, I find it very embarrassing to be in a meeting and realize I'm the only one in the room with balls. -Rita Mae Brown": 1, 'Many who seem to be struggling with adversity are happy; many, amid great affluence, are utterly miserable. -Tacitus': 1, 'I hope that when you are my age, you will be able to say as I have been able to say: We lived in freedom. We lived lives that were a statement, not an apology. -Ronald Reagan': 1, 'All enterprises that are entered into with indiscreet zeal may be pursued with great vigor at first, but are sure to collapse in the end. -Tacitus': 1, 'That the innocent, though they may have some connexion or dependency upon the guilty (which, perhaps, they themselves cannot help), should not, upon that account, suffer or be punished for the guilty, is one of the plainest and most obvious rules of justice. -Adam Smith': 1, 'As I would not be a slave, so I would not be a master. This expresses my idea of democracy. Whatever differs from this, to the extent of the difference, is no democracy. -Abraham Lincoln': 2, 'Freedom is nothing else but a chance to be better. -Albert Camus': 1, "A man can't be too careful in the choice of his enemies. -Oscar Wilde": 1, 'To be a philosopher is not merely to have subtle thoughts; but so to love wisdom as to live according to its dictates. -Henry Thoreau': 1, "We seem to be going through a period of nostalgia, and everyone seems to think yesterday was better than today. I don't think it was, and I would advise you not to wait ten years before admitting today was great. If you're hung up on nostalgia, pretend today is yesterday and just go out and have one hell of a time. -Art Buchwald": 1, "Be thankful we're not getting all the government we're paying for. -Will Rogers": 1, 'If the United Nations once admits that international disputes can be settled by using force, then we will have destroyed the foundation of the organization and our best hope of establishing a world order. -Dwight Eisenhower': 1, 'Knowledge that is paid for will be longer remembered. -Nachman of Bratslav': 1, 'Of course the people dont want war...that is understood. But voice or no voice, the people can always be brought to the bidding of the leaders. That is easy. All you have to do is tell them they are being attacked, and denounce the pacifists for lack of patriotism and exposing the country to danger. It works the same in any country. -Hermann Goering': 1, "You give me a credit to which I have no claim in calling me 'the writer of the Constitution of the United States.' This was not, like the fabled Goddess of Wisdom, the offspring of a single brain. It ought to be regarded as the work of many heads and many hands. -James Madison": 1, 'The best and most beautiful things in the world cannot be seen or even touched. They must be felt with the heart. -Helen Keller': 2, "Thus far, the reputed idiot Bush has graduated from Yale and Harvard, made a stack of cash in the oil industry, become the first consecutive-term governor of Texas, defeated a dual-term VP for the presidency, and led his party to [November 5th's] extraordinary triumphs. Let his opponents keep calling him stupid; if they do, within five years Bush will be King of England, the Pope, and world Formula One motor racing champion. -Tim Blair": 1, 'Philosophy is questions that may never be answered. Religion is answers that may never be questioned. -Author Unknown': 2, 'There is nothing more exhilarating than to be shot at without result. -Winston Churchill': 1, 'If you see ten troubles coming down the road, you can be sure that nine will run into the ditch before they reach you. -Calvin Coolidge': 1, "I didn't come to Washington to be loved and I haven't been disappointed. -Philip L. Gramm": 1, 'No matter how much cats fight, there always seem to be plenty of kittens. -Abraham Lincoln': 1, 'I honestly think it is better to be a failure at something you love than to be a success at something you hate. -George Burns': 2, 'The health of a democratic society may be measured by the quality of functions performed by private citizens. -Alexis de Tocqueville': 1, 'Question with boldness even the existence of a God; because, if there be one, he must more approve of the homage of reason, than that of blind-folded fear. -Thomas Jefferson': 1, 'A great deal of intelligence can be invested in ignorance when the need for illusion is deep. -Saul Bellow': 1, 'Life does not cease to be funny when people die any more than it ceases to be serious when people laugh. -George Bernard Shaw': 2, 'There is a theory which states that if ever anyone discovers exactly what the Universe is for and why it is here, it will instantly disappear and be replaced by something even more bizarre and inexplicable. There is another theory which states that this has already happened. -Douglas Adams': 1, 'Hanging is too good for a man who makes puns -- he should be drawn and quoted. -Fred Allen': 1, 'Experts tell us that if the Millennium Bug is not fixed, when the year 2000 arrives, our financial records will be inaccurate, our telephone system will be unreliable, our government will be paralyzed and airline flights will be canceled without warning. In other words, things will be pretty much the same as they are now. -Dave Barry': 5, 'It is astonishing what an effort it seems to be for many people to put their brains definitely and systematically to work. -Thomas Edison': 1, 'If we will be quiet and ready enough, we shall find compensation in every disappointment. -Henry Thoreau': 1, 'Must not all things at the last be swallowed up in death? -Plato': 1, 'If a man is called to be a streetsweeper, he should sweep streets even as Michelangelo painted, or Beethoven composed music, or Shakespeare wrote poetry. He should sweep streets so well that all the host of heaven and earth will pause to say, here lived a great streetsweeper who did his job well. -Martin Luther King Jr.': 1, 'An oppressive government is more to be feared than a tiger. -Confucius': 1, 'Humility is the foundation of all the other virtues hence, in the soul in which this virtue does not exist there cannot be any other virtue except in mere appearance. -Saint Augustine': 1, 'I believe the highest aspiration of man should be individual freedom and the development of the individual. -Ronald Reagan': 1, 'If we command our wealth, we shall be rich and free; if our wealth commands us, we are poor indeed. -Edmund Burke': 1, "Unless the religious claims of the Bible are again acknowledged, its literary claims will, I think, be given only 'mouth honour' and that decreasingly. -C.S. Lewis": 1, 'He therefore is the truest friend to the liberty of this country who tries most to promote its virtue, and who, so far as his power and influence extend, will not suffer a man to be chosen into any office of power and trust who is not a wise and virtuous man. -Samuel Adams': 1, 'Egalitarians create the most dangerous inequality of all -- inequality of power. Allowing politicians to determine what all other human beings will be allowed to earn is one of the most reckless gambles imaginable. Like the income tax, it may start off being applied only to the rich but it will inevitably reach us all. -Thomas Sowell': 1, 'The fool doth think he is wise, but the wise man knows himself to be a fool. -William Shakespeare': 1, 'The mystic chords of memory, stretching from every battlefield and patriot grave to every living heart and hearthstone all over this broad land, will yet swell the chorus of the Union, when again touched, as surely they will be, by the better angels of our nature. -Abraham Lincoln': 1, 'There are men in all ages who mean to govern well, but they mean to govern. They promise to be good masters, but they mean to be masters. -Daniel Webster': 2, "I'm never going to be famous. My name will never be writ large on the roster of Those Who Do Things. I don't do any thing. Not one single thing. I used to bite my nails, but I don't even do that any more. -Dorothy Parker": 2, 'If a man is proud of his wealth, he should not be praised until it is known how he employs it. -Socrates': 1, "We all wish to be judged by our peers, by the men 'after our own heart.' Only they really know our mind and only they judge it by standards we fully acknowledge. Theirs is the praise we really covet and the blame we really dread. The little pockets of early Chrstians survived because they cared exclusively for the love of 'the bretheren' and stopped their ears to the opinion of the Pagan society around them. But a circle of criminals, cranks, or perverts survives in just the same way; by becoming deaf to the opinion of the outer world, by discounting it as the chatter of outsiders who 'don't understand,' of the 'conventional,' the 'bourgeois,' the 'Establishment,' of prigs, prudes, and humbugs. -C.S. Lewis": 1, 'The worst thing that could happen to anybody, would be to not be used for anything by anybody. -Kurt Vonnegut': 2, 'The significant problems we face cannot be solved at the same level of thinking we were at when we created them. -Albert Einstein': 1, 'Too many poets delude themselves by thinking that the mind is dangerous and must be left out. Well, the mind is dangerous and must be left in. -Robert Frost': 2, 'Government consists in nothing else but so controlling subjects that they shall neither be able to, nor have cause to do it harm. -Nicolo Machiavelli': 1, "I think a good gift for the president would be a chocolate revolver. And since he's so busy, you'd probably have to run up to him and hand it to him. -Jack Handey": 1, 'Even peace may be purchased at too high a price. -Benjamin Franklin': 1, 'A star on a movie set is like a time bomb. That bomb has got to be defused so people can approach it without fear. -Jack Nicholson': 1, "There cannot be true democracy unless women's voices are heard. -Hillary Clinton": 1, 'Nothing that you have not given away will ever be really yours. -C.S. Lewis': 1, "There are some who've forgotten why we have a military. It's not to promote war; it's to be prepared for peace. -Ronald Reagan": 1, "Everybody can be great... because anybody can serve. You don't have to have a college degree to serve. You don't have to make your subject and verb agree to serve. You only need a heart full of grace. A soul generated by love. -Martin Luther King Jr.": 1, "When I see a play and understand it the first time, then I know it can't be much good. -T.S. Eliot": 1, "Mothers all want their sons to grow up to be president, but they don't want them to become politicians in the process. -John F. Kennedy": 1, 'Maturity is a bitter disappointment for which no remedy exists, unless laughter can be said to remedy anything. -Kurt Vonnegut': 1, 'The nation which forgets its defenders will be itself forgotten. -Calvin Coolidge': 1, 'If you will not fight for the right when you can easily win without bloodshed; if you will not fight when your victory will be sure and not too costly; you may come to the moment when you will have to fight with all the odds against you and only a small chance of survival. There may even be a worse case: you may have to fight when there is no hope of victory, because it is better to perish than to live as slaves. -Winston Churchill': 2, 'Not only does God play dice, but he sometimes throws them where they cannot be seen. -Stephen Hawking': 1, 'To be what we are, and to become what we are capable of becoming, is the only end of life. -Robert Louis Stevenson': 1, 'I may be drunk, Miss, but in the morning I will be sober and you will still be ugly. -Winston Churchill': 3, 'Indeed, man wishes to be happy even when he so lives as to make happiness impossible. -Saint Augustine': 1, "Where there's marriage without love, there will be love without marriage. -Benjamin Franklin": 1, "Associate yourself with men of good quality if you esteem your own reputation; for 'tis better to be alone than in bad company. -George Washington": 1, "If you wanna be free, you've gotta accept everything. -Jason Mechalek": 1, 'In framing a government which is to be administered by men over men the great difficulty lies in this: You must first enable the government to control the governed, and in the next place, oblige it to control itself. -Alexander Hamilton': 1, 'The recipe for perpetual ignorance is: be satisfied with your opinions and content with your knowledge. -Elbert Hubbard': 1, 'To be a leader means to be able to move masses. -Adolf Hitler': 2, 'My most brilliant achievement was my ability to be able to persuade my wife to marry me. -Winston Churchill': 1, 'My main objective is to be professional but to kill him. -Mike Tyson': 1, 'By a curious confusion, many modern critics have passed from the proposition that a masterpiece may be unpopular to the other proposition that unless it is unpopular it cannot be a masterpiece. -GK Chesterton': 2, 'Love anything and your heart will be wrung and possibly broken. If you want to make sure of keeping it intact you must give it to no one, not even an animal. Wrap it carefully round with hobbies and little luxuries; avoid all entanglements. Lock it up safe in the casket or coffin of your selfishness. But in that casket, safe, dark, motionless, airless, it will change. It will not be broken; it will become unbreakable, impenetrable, irredeemable. To love is to be vulnerable. -C.S. Lewis': 3, 'If music be the food of love, play on. -William Shakespeare': 1, 'If tyranny and oppression come to this land, it will be in the guise of fighting a foreign enemy. -James Madison': 1, 'I never see what has been done; I only see what remains to be done. -Siddhartha Buddha': 1, 'This will never be a civilized country until we expend more money for books than we do for chewing gum. -Elbert Hubbard': 1, "I'm the type who'd be happy not going anywhere as long as I was sure I knew exactly what was happening at the places I wasn't going to. I'm the type who'd like to sit home and watch every party that I'm invited to on a monitor in my bedroom. -Andy Warhol": 1, 'Probable impossibilities are to be preferred to improbable possibilities. -Aristotle': 1, "To be pleased with one's limits is a wretched state. -Johann Wolfgang von Goethe": 1, 'There can be no liberty unless there is economic liberty. -Margaret Thatcher': 1, "Democracy means that anyone can grow up to be president, and anyone who doesn't grow up can be vice president. -Johnny Carson": 2, "I had a dream the other night. I dreamed that Jimmy Carter came to me and asked why I wanted his job. I told him I didn't want his job. I want to be President. -Ronald Reagan": 1, 'This does not mean that the enemy is to be allowed to escape. The object is to make him believe that there is a road to safety, and thus prevent his fighting with the courage of despair. After that, you may crush him. -Sun Tzu': 1, "You got to be very careful if you don't know where you're going, because you might not get there. -Yogi Berra": 1, 'On the plus side, death is one of the few things that can be done just as easily lying down. -Woody Allen': 1, 'The Democrats seem to be basically nicer people, but they have demonstrated time and again that they have the management skills of celery. -Dave Barry': 1, 'Obstacles do not exist to be surrendered to, but only to be broken. -Adolf Hitler': 2, 'You must be the change you wish to see in the world. -Mahatma Gandhi': 1, 'Americans are so enamored of equality, they would rather be equal in slavery than unequal in freedom. -Alexis de Tocqueville': 1, 'Nothing before had ever made me thoroughly realise, though I had read various scientific books, that science consists in grouping facts so that general laws or conclusions may be drawn from them. -Charles Darwin': 1} 
mother teresa {"I know God will not give me anything I can't handle. I just wish that He didn't trust me so much. -Mother Teresa": 1, 'If we have no peace, it is because we have forgotten that we belong to each other. -Mother Teresa': 1, "It's not how much we give but how much love we put into giving. -Mother Teresa": 1, 'If you judge people, you have no time to love them. -Mother Teresa': 1, 'Love is a fruit in season at all times, and within reach of every hand. -Mother Teresa': 1, 'Love is repaid by love alone! -Mother Teresa': 1, 'Words which do not give the light of Christ increase the darkness. -Mother Teresa': 1} 
remembered {'It must be remembered that there is nothing more difficult to plan, more doubtful of success nor more dangerous to manage than the creation of a new system. For the initiator has the enmity of all who profit by the preservation of the old institution and merely lukewarm defenders in those who would gain by the new one. -Nicolo Machiavelli': 1, 'Knowledge that is paid for will be longer remembered. -Nachman of Bratslav': 1} 
word {'No nation keeps its word. A nation is a big, blind worm, following what? Fate perhaps. A nation has no honor, it has no word to keep. -Carl Jung': 2, "Ah, yes, divorce...from the Latin word meaning to rip out a man's genitals through his wallet. -Robin Williams": 1, 'Let the word go forth from this time and place, to friend and foe alike, that the torch has been passed to a new generation of Americans. -John F. Kennedy': 1, 'A word is dead when it is said, some say. I say it just begins to live that day. -Emily Dickinson': 1} 
its {'Regarding the debate about faith and works: It\x92s like asking which blade in a pair of scissors is most important. -C.S. Lewis': 1, 'And what\x92s romance? Usually, a nice little tale where you have everything As You Like It, where rain never wets your jacket and gnats never bite your nose and it\x92s always daisy-time. -D.H. Lawrence': 1} 
take {'\x93Take a chance! All life is a chance. The man who goes farthest is generally the one who is willing to do and dare. -Dale Carnegie': 1} 
virtues {'He has all the virtues I dislike and none of the vices I admire. -Winston Churchill': 1, 'Humility is the foundation of all the other virtues hence, in the soul in which this virtue does not exist there cannot be any other virtue except in mere appearance. -Saint Augustine': 1} 
refused {'It is the madness of folly, to expect mercy from those who have refused to do justice; and even mercy, where conquest is the object, is only a trick of war; the cunning of the fox is as murderous as the violence of the wolf. -Thomas Paine': 1} 
step {'A journey of a thousand miles begins with a single step. -Confucius': 1} 
assists {'Reason is experimental intelligence, conceived after the pattern of science, and used in the creation of social arts; it has something to do. It liberates man from the bondage of the past, due to ignorance and accident hardened into custom. It projects a better future and assists man in its realization. -John Dewey': 1} 
francois truffaut {'Film lovers are sick people. -Francois Truffaut': 1} 
nowhere {'Imagination will often carry us to worlds that never were. But without it, we go nowhere. -Carl Sagan': 1} 
humbugs {"We all wish to be judged by our peers, by the men 'after our own heart.' Only they really know our mind and only they judge it by standards we fully acknowledge. Theirs is the praise we really covet and the blame we really dread. The little pockets of early Chrstians survived because they cared exclusively for the love of 'the bretheren' and stopped their ears to the opinion of the Pagan society around them. But a circle of criminals, cranks, or perverts survives in just the same way; by becoming deaf to the opinion of the outer world, by discounting it as the chatter of outsiders who 'don't understand,' of the 'conventional,' the 'bourgeois,' the 'Establishment,' of prigs, prudes, and humbugs. -C.S. Lewis": 1} 
voluntarily {'Freedom is never voluntarily given by the oppressor; it must be demanded by the oppressed. -Martin Luther King Jr.': 1} 
faith {'Your faith is what you believe, not what you know. -Mark Twain': 1, 'Let us have faith that right makes might, and in that faith, let us, to the end, dare to do our duty as we understand it. -Abraham Lincoln': 2, 'Regarding the debate about faith and works: It\x92s like asking which blade in a pair of scissors is most important. -C.S. Lewis': 1, 'It is always more difficult to fight against faith than against knowledge. -Adolf Hitler': 1, 'To one who has faith, no explanation is necessary. To one without faith, no explanation is possible. -Thomas Aquinas': 2} 
anything {"I know God will not give me anything I can't handle. I just wish that He didn't trust me so much. -Mother Teresa": 1, 'Love anything and your heart will be wrung and possibly broken. If you want to make sure of keeping it intact you must give it to no one, not even an animal. Wrap it carefully round with hobbies and little luxuries; avoid all entanglements. Lock it up safe in the casket or coffin of your selfishness. But in that casket, safe, dark, motionless, airless, it will change. It will not be broken; it will become unbreakable, impenetrable, irredeemable. To love is to be vulnerable. -C.S. Lewis': 1, 'People can misinterpret almost anything so that it coincides with views they already hold. They take from art what they already believe. -Stanley Kubrick': 1, 'A typical vice of American politics is the avoidance of saying anything real on real issues. -Theodore Roosevelt': 1, 'Anyone who has never made a mistake has never tried anything new. -Albert Einstein': 1, 'Life is anything that dies when you stomp on it. -Dave Barry': 1, 'Maturity is a bitter disappointment for which no remedy exists, unless laughter can be said to remedy anything. -Kurt Vonnegut': 1, 'In politics, if you want anything said, ask a man; if you want anything done, ask a woman. -Margaret Thatcher': 2, 'Love yourself first and everything else falls into line. You really have to love yourself to get anything done in this world. -Lucille Ball': 1, 'Education is the ability to listen to almost anything without losing your temper or your self-confidence. -Robert Frost': 1, "Is there anything more beautiful than a beautiful, beautiful flamingo, flying across in front of a beautiful sunset? And he's carrying a beautiful rose in his beak, and also he's carrying a very beautiful painting with his feet. And also, you're drunk. -Jack Handey": 1, 'The worst thing that could happen to anybody, would be to not be used for anything by anybody. -Kurt Vonnegut': 1} 
lord {"Forgive, O Lord, my little jokes on Thee, and I'll forgive Thy great big joke on me. -Robert Frost": 1, "Money never made a man happy yet, nor will it. There is nothing in its nature to produce happiness. The more a man has, the more he wants. Instead of its filling a vacuum, it makes one. If it satisfies one want, it doubles and trebles that want another way. That was a true proverb of the wise man, rely upon it; ''Better is little with the fear of the Lord, than great treasure, and trouble therewith. -Benjamin Franklin": 1} 
graduation {'From kindergarten to graduation, I went to public schools, and I know that they are a key to being sure that every child has a chance to succeed and to rise in the world. -Dick Cheney': 1} 
friedrich nietzsche {'In Heaven all the interesting people are missing. -Friedrich Nietzsche': 1, 'Without music, life would be a mistake. -Friedrich Nietzsche': 1, 'Plato was a bore. -Friedrich Nietzsche': 1, 'What is happiness? The feeling that power is growing, that resistance is overcome. -Friedrich Nietzsche': 1, 'A few hours of mountain climbing turn a villain and a saint into two rather equal creature. Exhaustion is the shortest way to equality and fraternity, and liberty is added eventually by sleep. -Friedrich Nietzsche': 1, 'Errors of haste are seldom committed singly. The first time a man always does too much. And precisely on that account he commits a second error, and then he does too little. -Friedrich Nietzsche': 1} 
bob hope {"You know you're getting old when the candles cost more than the cake. -Bob Hope": 1} 
charm {'Washington is a city of Southern efficiency and Northern charm. -John F. Kennedy': 1} 
hatred {'There is only one force of history that can break the reign of hatred and resentment, and expose the pretensions of tyrants, and reward the hopes of the decent and tolerant, and that is the force of human freedom. -George W. Bush': 1, 'Serious sport has nothing to do with fair play. It is bound up with hatred, jealousy, boastfulness, disregard of all rules and sadistic pleasure in witnessing violence. In other words: it is war minus the shooting. -George Orwell': 1, 'The Nation which indulges toward another an habitual hatred or an habitual fondness is in some degree a slave. It is a slave to its animosity or to its affection, either of which is sufficient to lead it astray from its duty and its interest. -George Washington': 1, "The days of looking the other way while despotic regimes trample human rights, rob their nations' wealth, and then excuse their failings by feeding their people a steady diet of anti-Western hatred are over. -Dick Cheney": 1} 
wanna {"If you wanna be free, you've gotta accept everything. -Jason Mechalek": 1} 
silence {'After silence, that which comes nearest to expressing the inexpressible is Music. -Aldous Huxley': 1, 'Well-timed silence hath more eloquence than speech. -Martin Farquhar Tupper': 1, 'Avoid the base hypocrisy of condemning in one man what you pass over in silence when committed by another. -Theodore Roosevelt': 1} 
pollution {"I'm a middle age white guy, which means I'm constantly reminded that my particular group is responsible for the oppression of every known minority PLUS most wars PLUS government corruption PLUS pollution of the environment, not to mention that it was middle-age white guys who killed Bambi's mom. -Dave Barry": 1} 
seeing {'Just as your hand, held before the eye, can hide the tallest mountain, so this small earthly life keeps us from seeing the vast radiance that fills the core of the universe. -Nachman of Bratslav': 1, "You cannot go on 'explaining away' for ever: you will find that you have explained explanation itself away. You cannot go on 'seeing through' things for ever. The whole point of seeing through something is to see something through it. -C.S. Lewis": 2} 
jimmy {"I had a dream the other night. I dreamed that Jimmy Carter came to me and asked why I wanted his job. I told him I didn't want his job. I want to be President. -Ronald Reagan": 1} 
plenty {'No matter how much cats fight, there always seem to be plenty of kittens. -Abraham Lincoln': 1} 
terrorists {'The thing we all have to understand to put these last two years in focus, is that liberals in this country care more about whether European leaders like us than they do about whether terrorists are killing us. -Rush Limbaugh': 1} 
imitation {'Imitation is the sincerest of flattery. -Charles Caleb Colton': 1, 'All art is but imitation of nature. -Lucius Annaeus Seneca': 1} 
into {'God enters by a private door into every individual. -Ralph Waldo Emerson': 1, 'Were it possible for us to wait for ourselves to come into the room, not many of us would find our hearts breaking into flower as we heard the door handle turn. -Rebecca West': 2, 'If you see ten troubles coming down the road, you can be sure that nine will run into the ditch before they reach you. -Calvin Coolidge': 1, "It's not how much we give but how much love we put into giving. -Mother Teresa": 1, 'Love yourself first and everything else falls into line. You really have to love yourself to get anything done in this world. -Lucille Ball': 1, "Playwriting gets into your blood and you can't stop it. At least, not until the producers or the public tell you to. -T.S. Eliot": 1, 'An idea that is developed and put into action is more important than an idea that exists only as an idea. -Siddhartha Buddha': 1, 'Being born is like being kidnapped. And then sold into slavery. -Andy Warhol': 1, 'Even if there is only one possible unified theory, it is just a set of rules and equations. What is it that breathes fire into the equations and makes a universe for them to describe? -Stephen Hawking': 1, 'Cooking was invented in prehistoric times, when a primitive tribe had a lucky accident. The tribe had killed an animal and was going to eat it raw, when a tribe member named Woog tripped and dropped it into the fire. At first the other tribe members were angry at Woog, but then, as the aroma of burning meat filled the air, they had an idea. So they ate Woog raw. -Dave Barry': 1, 'Reason is experimental intelligence, conceived after the pattern of science, and used in the creation of social arts; it has something to do. It liberates man from the bondage of the past, due to ignorance and accident hardened into custom. It projects a better future and assists man in its realization. -John Dewey': 1, "When we got into office, the thing that surprised me the most was that things were as bad as we'd been saying they were. -John F. Kennedy": 1, 'There are painters who transform the sun to a yellow spot, but there are others who with the help of their art and their intelligence, transform a yellow spot into the sun. -Pablo Picasso': 1, 'There is hardly a political question in the United States which does not sooner or later turn into a judicial one. -Alexis de Tocqueville': 1, 'Our nettlesome task is to discover how to organize our strength into compelling power. -Martin Luther King Jr.': 1, 'He therefore is the truest friend to the liberty of this country who tries most to promote its virtue, and who, so far as his power and influence extend, will not suffer a man to be chosen into any office of power and trust who is not a wise and virtuous man. -Samuel Adams': 1, 'A few hours of mountain climbing turn a villain and a saint into two rather equal creature. Exhaustion is the shortest way to equality and fraternity, and liberty is added eventually by sleep. -Friedrich Nietzsche': 1, "What is it that makes a complete stranger dive into an icy river to save a solid-gold baby? Maybe we'll never know. -Jack Handey": 1, 'No sooner do we depart from sense and instinct to follow reason but we are insensibly drawn into uncouth paradoxes, difficulties, and inconsistencies, which multiply and grow upon us as we advance in speculation; till at length, having wandered through many intricate mazes, we find ourselves just where we were, or, which is worse, sit down in a forlorn scepticism. -George Berkeley': 1, "It ain't what you don't know that gets you into trouble. It's what you know for sure that just ain't so. -Mark Twain": 1, 'All enterprises that are entered into with indiscreet zeal may be pursued with great vigor at first, but are sure to collapse in the end. -Tacitus': 1} 
within {"Thus far, the reputed idiot Bush has graduated from Yale and Harvard, made a stack of cash in the oil industry, become the first consecutive-term governor of Texas, defeated a dual-term VP for the presidency, and led his party to [November 5th's] extraordinary triumphs. Let his opponents keep calling him stupid; if they do, within five years Bush will be King of England, the Pope, and world Formula One motor racing champion. -Tim Blair": 1, "Anybody can become angry - that is easy, but to be angry with the right person and to the right degree and at the right time and for the right purpose, and in the right way - that is not within everybody's power and is not easy. -Aristotle": 1, "Learning carries within itself certain dangers because out of necessity one has to learn from one's enemies. -Leon Trotsky": 1, 'Demoralize the enemy from within by surprise, terror, sabotage, assassination. This is the war of the future. -Adolf Hitler': 1, 'Love is a fruit in season at all times, and within reach of every hand. -Mother Teresa': 1, 'Since love grows within you, so beauty grows. For love is the beauty of the soul. -Saint Augustine': 1} 
plainest {'That the innocent, though they may have some connexion or dependency upon the guilty (which, perhaps, they themselves cannot help), should not, upon that account, suffer or be punished for the guilty, is one of the plainest and most obvious rules of justice. -Adam Smith': 1} 
spoiling {'The surest way of spoiling a pleasure is to start examining your satisfaction. -C.S. Lewis': 1} 
gk chesterton {'Most modern freedom is at root fear. It is not so much that we are too bold to endure rules; it is rather that we are too timid to endure responsibilities. -GK Chesterton': 1, 'By a curious confusion, many modern critics have passed from the proposition that a masterpiece may be unpopular to the other proposition that unless it is unpopular it cannot be a masterpiece. -GK Chesterton': 1, 'Women are the only realists; their whole object in life is to pit their realism against the extravagant, excessive, and occasionally drunken idealism of men. -GK Chesterton': 1, 'A good novel tells us the truth about its hero; but a bad novel tells us the truth about its author. -GK Chesterton': 1, 'Theology is only thought applied to religion. -GK Chesterton': 1, 'Children are innocent and love justice, while most adults are wicked and prefer mercy. -GK Chesterton': 1, 'If my children wake up on Christmas morning and have someone to thank for putting candy in their stocking, have I no one to thank for putting two feet in mine? -GK Chesterton': 1, 'Love means loving the unlovable - or it is no virtue at all. -GK Chesterton': 1, 'There is a great deal of difference between an eager man who wants to read a book and the tired man who wants a book to read. -GK Chesterton': 1, 'Art, like morality, consists in drawing the line somewhere. -GK Chesterton': 1, 'America is the only country ever founded on a creed. -GK Chesterton': 1} 
repaid {'Love is repaid by love alone! -Mother Teresa': 1} 
lesson {'The greatest lesson in life is to know that even fools are right sometimes. -Winston Churchill': 1, 'Trust the people. This is the one irrefutable lesson of the entire postwar period contradicting the notion that rigid government controls are essential to economic development. -Ronald Reagan': 1} 
pentagon {'To defend Western Europe we have to let the Pentagon buy all these tanks and guns and things, and the Pentagon is unable to buy any object that that costs less than a condominium in Vail. If the Pentagon needs, say, fruit, it will argue that it must have fruit that can withstand the rigors of combat conditions, and it will wind up purchasing the FX-700 Seedless Tactical Grape, which will cost $160,000 per bunch, and will have an 83 percent failure rate. -Dave Barry': 3} 
statistics {"The statistics on sanity are that one out of every four Americans are suffering from some form of mental illness. Think of your three best friends. If they're okay, then it's you. -Rita Mae Brown": 1} 
featureless {"The only kind of seafood I trust is the fish stick, a totally featureless fish that doesn't have eyeballs or fins. -Dave Barry": 1} 
spam {'If variety is the spice of life, marriage is the big can of leftover Spam. -Johnny Carson': 1} 
governed {'In framing a government which is to be administered by men over men the great difficulty lies in this: You must first enable the government to control the governed, and in the next place, oblige it to control itself. -Alexander Hamilton': 1} 
question {"Talent alone won't make you a success. Neither will being in the right place at the right time, unless you are ready. The most important question is: 'Are you ready?' -Johnny Carson": 1, 'She is not perfect. You are not perfect. The question is whether or not you are perfect for each other. -Robin Williams': 1, "If you're afraid to ask the question, it's probably because you already know the answer. -Miriam M. Wynn": 1, 'Freedom is the right to question and change the established way of doing things. It is the continuous revolution of the marketplace. It is the understanding that allows us to recognize shortcomings and seek solutions. -Ronald Reagan': 1, 'There is hardly a political question in the United States which does not sooner or later turn into a judicial one. -Alexis de Tocqueville': 1, 'In the Orthodox spiritual tradition, the ultimate moral question we ask is the following: Is what we are doing, is what I am doing, beautiful or not? -Carolyn Gifford': 1, 'Without question, the greatest invention in the history of mankind is beer. Oh, I grant you that the wheel was also a fine invention, but the wheel does not go nearly as well with pizza. -Dave Barry': 1, 'Question with boldness even the existence of a God; because, if there be one, he must more approve of the homage of reason, than that of blind-folded fear. -Thomas Jefferson': 1, 'There is no question that there is an unseen world. The problem is, how far is it from midtown and how late is it open? -Woody Allen': 1, "Life's most persistent and urgent question is, 'What are you doing for others?' -Martin Luther King Jr.": 1} 
fast {"God's colors all are fast. -John Greenleaf Whittier": 1, "If everything seems under control, you're just not going fast enough. -Mario Andretti": 1, "Remember, if you smoke after sex you're doing it too fast. -Woody Allen": 1} 
custom {'Reason is experimental intelligence, conceived after the pattern of science, and used in the creation of social arts; it has something to do. It liberates man from the bondage of the past, due to ignorance and accident hardened into custom. It projects a better future and assists man in its realization. -John Dewey': 1} 
we're {"Be thankful we're not getting all the government we're paying for. -Will Rogers": 2, "When we're unemployed, we're called lazy; when the whites are unemployed it's called a depression. -Jesse Jackson": 2} 
homemade {"If your kid makes one of those little homemade guitars out of a cigar box and rubber bands, don't let him just play it once or twice and then throw it away. Make him practice on it, every day, for about three hours a day. Later, he'll thank you. -Jack Handey": 1} 
wonderfully {'The public is wonderfully tolerant. It forgives everything except genius. -Oscar Wilde': 1} 
basically {'The Democrats seem to be basically nicer people, but they have demonstrated time and again that they have the management skills of celery. -Dave Barry': 1} 
bored {'To have the reputation of possessing the most perfect social tact, talk to every woman as if you loved her, and to every man as if he bored you. -Oscar Wilde': 1, 'The biggest bore is the person who is bored by everyone and everything. -Frank Tyger': 1} 
opens {'Love is the master key which opens the gates of happiness. -Oliver Wendell Holmes': 1} 
mountains {'When an American says that he loves his country, he means not only that he loves the New England hills, the prairies glistening in the sun, the wide and rising plains, the great mountains, and the sea. He means that he loves an inner air, an inner light in which freedom lives and in which a man can draw the breath of self-respect. -Adlai Stevenson': 1, 'From the prodigious hilltops of New Hampshire, let freedom ring. From the mighty mountains of New York, let freedom ring. From the heightening Alleghenies of Pennsylvania, let freedom ring. But not only that: Let freedom ring from every hill and molehill of Mississippi. -Martin Luther King Jr.': 1} 
himself {'The fool doth think he is wise, but the wise man knows himself to be a fool. -William Shakespeare': 1, 'Against criticism a man can neither protest nor defend himself; he must act in spite of it, and then it will gradually yield to him. -Johann Wolfgang von Goethe': 1, 'He that would make his own liberty secure, must guard even his enemy from opposition; for if he violates this duty he establishes a precedent that will reach himself. -Thomas Paine': 1, "Duties are not performed for duty's sake, but because their neglect would make the man uncomfortable. A man performs but one duty - the duty of contenting his spirit, the duty of making himself agreeable to himself. -Mark Twain": 2, 'Religion operates not only on the vertical plane but also on the horizontal. It seeks not only to integrate men with God but to integrate men with men and each man with himself. -Martin Luther King Jr.': 1, 'Man was made for action, and to promote by the exertion of his faculties such changes in the external circumstances both of himself and others, as may seem most favourable to the happiness of all. -Adam Smith': 1, 'He wrapped himself in quotations--as a beggar would enfold himself in the purple of Emperors. -Rudyard Kipling': 2, 'No man will make a great leader who wants to do it all himself or get all the credit for doing it. -Andrew Carnegie': 1, 'A man is never more truthful than when he acknowledges himself a liar. -Mark Twain': 1, 'I have often wondered how it is that every man loves himself more than all the rest of men, but yet sets less value on his own opinion of himself than on the opinion of others. -Marcus Aurelius': 2} 
frenzied {'Patriotism is not short, frenzied outbursts of emotion, but the tranquil and steady dedication of a lifetime. -Adlai Stevenson': 1} 
audacious {'Why, you can take the most gallant sailor, the most intrepid airman or the most audacious soldier, put them at a table together - what do you get? The sum of their fears. -Winston Churchill': 1} 
peers {"We all wish to be judged by our peers, by the men 'after our own heart.' Only they really know our mind and only they judge it by standards we fully acknowledge. Theirs is the praise we really covet and the blame we really dread. The little pockets of early Chrstians survived because they cared exclusively for the love of 'the bretheren' and stopped their ears to the opinion of the Pagan society around them. But a circle of criminals, cranks, or perverts survives in just the same way; by becoming deaf to the opinion of the outer world, by discounting it as the chatter of outsiders who 'don't understand,' of the 'conventional,' the 'bourgeois,' the 'Establishment,' of prigs, prudes, and humbugs. -C.S. Lewis": 1} 
thief {'Punctuality is the thief of time. -Oscar Wilde': 1} 
dick cheney {'We have to make America the best place in the world to do business. -Dick Cheney': 1, "The days of looking the other way while despotic regimes trample human rights, rob their nations' wealth, and then excuse their failings by feeding their people a steady diet of anti-Western hatred are over. -Dick Cheney": 1, 'From kindergarten to graduation, I went to public schools, and I know that they are a key to being sure that every child has a chance to succeed and to rise in the world. -Dick Cheney': 1, "I've worked for four presidents and watched two others up close, and I know that there's no such thing as a routine day in the Oval Office. -Dick Cheney": 1} 
condominium {'To defend Western Europe we have to let the Pentagon buy all these tanks and guns and things, and the Pentagon is unable to buy any object that that costs less than a condominium in Vail. If the Pentagon needs, say, fruit, it will argue that it must have fruit that can withstand the rigors of combat conditions, and it will wind up purchasing the FX-700 Seedless Tactical Grape, which will cost $160,000 per bunch, and will have an 83 percent failure rate. -Dave Barry': 1} 
repeatedly {'We are what we repeatedly do. Excellence, therefore, is not an act, but a habit. -Aristotle': 1} 
newer {'We turn not older with years, but newer every day. -Emily Dickinson': 1} 
yardstick {'I have one yardstick by which I test every major problem-and that yardstick is: Is it good for America? -Dwight Eisenhower': 2} 
hopes {'There is only one force of history that can break the reign of hatred and resentment, and expose the pretensions of tyrants, and reward the hopes of the decent and tolerant, and that is the force of human freedom. -George W. Bush': 1, 'The eyes of the world are upon you. The hopes and prayers of liberty-loving people everywhere march with you. -Dwight Eisenhower': 1} 
line {"The function of RAM is to give us guys a way of deciding whose computer has the biggest, studliest, most tumescent MEMORY. This is important, because with today's complex software, the more memory a computer has, the faster it can produce error messages. So the bottom line is, if you're a guy, you cannot have enough RAM. -Dave Barry": 1, "I think it's the duty of the comedian to find out where the line is drawn and cross it deliberately. -George Carlin": 1, 'Art, like morality, consists in drawing the line somewhere. -GK Chesterton': 1, 'Love yourself first and everything else falls into line. You really have to love yourself to get anything done in this world. -Lucille Ball': 1} 
realists {'Women are the only realists; their whole object in life is to pit their realism against the extravagant, excessive, and occasionally drunken idealism of men. -GK Chesterton': 1} 
raising {"One thing they never tell you about child raising is that for the rest of your life, at the drop of a hat, you are expected to know your child's name and how old he or she is. -Erna Bombeck": 1} 
clarence thomas {'Good manners will open doors that the best education cannot. -Clarence Thomas': 1} 
patriot {'The mystic chords of memory, stretching from every battlefield and patriot grave to every living heart and hearthstone all over this broad land, will yet swell the chorus of the Union, when again touched, as surely they will be, by the better angels of our nature. -Abraham Lincoln': 1} 
entry {'Every exit is an entry somewhere. -Tom Stoppard': 1} 
consist {'Success does not consist in never making mistakes but in never making the same one a second time. -George Bernard Shaw': 1} 
up {"A University of Chicago professor said the greatest day in the world was when a water puppy crawled out on land and decided to stay. The water puppy, he said, went on to become a man. If he proves that, I am willing to give up Christmas, Thanksgiving, and New Year's Day, and to celebrate Water Puppy Day. -William Jennings Bryan": 1, "Many of life's failures are people who did not realize how close they were to success when they gave up. -Thomas Edison": 1, 'You are young, my son, and, as the years go by, time will change and even reverse many of your present opinions. Refrain therefore awhile from setting yourself up as a judge of the highest matters. -Plato': 1, 'Every year, back comes Spring, with nasty little birds yapping their fool heads off and the ground all mucked up with plants. -Dorothy Parker': 1, 'Must not all things at the last be swallowed up in death? -Plato': 1, 'To defend Western Europe we have to let the Pentagon buy all these tanks and guns and things, and the Pentagon is unable to buy any object that that costs less than a condominium in Vail. If the Pentagon needs, say, fruit, it will argue that it must have fruit that can withstand the rigors of combat conditions, and it will wind up purchasing the FX-700 Seedless Tactical Grape, which will cost $160,000 per bunch, and will have an 83 percent failure rate. -Dave Barry': 1, 'The last thing a political party gives up is its vocabulary. -Alexis de Tocqueville': 1, "I'm not normally a religious man, but if you're up there, save me, Superman! -Homer Simpson": 1, "You don't have to stay up nights to succeed; you have to stay awake days. -Author Unknown": 1, 'Dogs look up to you. Cats look down on you. Pigs treat you like equals. -Winston Churchill': 1, "I planted some bird seed. A bird came up. Now I don't know what to feed it. -Steven Wright": 1, 'If my children wake up on Christmas morning and have someone to thank for putting candy in their stocking, have I no one to thank for putting two feet in mine? -GK Chesterton': 1, 'Serious sport has nothing to do with fair play. It is bound up with hatred, jealousy, boastfulness, disregard of all rules and sadistic pleasure in witnessing violence. In other words: it is war minus the shooting. -George Orwell': 1, "We seem to be going through a period of nostalgia, and everyone seems to think yesterday was better than today. I don't think it was, and I would advise you not to wait ten years before admitting today was great. If you're hung up on nostalgia, pretend today is yesterday and just go out and have one hell of a time. -Art Buchwald": 1, "Democracy means that anyone can grow up to be president, and anyone who doesn't grow up can be vice president. -Johnny Carson": 2, "Don't ever take a fence down until you know why it was put up. -Robert Frost": 1, 'All virtue is summed up in dealing justly. -Aristotle': 1, 'Marriage is our last, best chance to grow up. -Joseph Barth': 1, 'The time which we have at our disposal every day is elastic; the passions we feel expand it, those that we inspire contract it, and habit fills up what remains. -Marcel Proust': 1, 'Happiness makes up in height for what it lacks in length. -Robert Frost': 1, "I think a good gift for the president would be a chocolate revolver. And since he's so busy, you'd probably have to run up to him and hand it to him. -Jack Handey": 1, 'They that can give up essential liberty to obtain a little temporary safety deserve neither liberty nor safety. -Benjamin Franklin': 1, 'All children are artists. The problem is how to remain an artist once he grows up. -Pablo Picasso': 1, 'Love anything and your heart will be wrung and possibly broken. If you want to make sure of keeping it intact you must give it to no one, not even an animal. Wrap it carefully round with hobbies and little luxuries; avoid all entanglements. Lock it up safe in the casket or coffin of your selfishness. But in that casket, safe, dark, motionless, airless, it will change. It will not be broken; it will become unbreakable, impenetrable, irredeemable. To love is to be vulnerable. -C.S. Lewis': 1, "Mothers all want their sons to grow up to be president, but they don't want them to become politicians in the process. -John F. Kennedy": 1, 'I always cheer up immensely if an attack is particularly wounding because I think, well, if they attack one personally, it means they have not a single political argument left. -Margaret Thatcher': 1, "I've worked for four presidents and watched two others up close, and I know that there's no such thing as a routine day in the Oval Office. -Dick Cheney": 1} 
us {'Were it possible for us to wait for ourselves to come into the room, not many of us would find our hearts breaking into flower as we heard the door handle turn. -Rebecca West': 2, "Science is not about building a body of known 'facts'. It is a method for asking awkward questions and subjecting them to a reality-check, thus avoiding the human tendency to believe whatever makes us feel good. -Terry Pratchett": 1, 'Just as your hand, held before the eye, can hide the tallest mountain, so this small earthly life keeps us from seeing the vast radiance that fills the core of the universe. -Nachman of Bratslav': 1, 'Imagination will often carry us to worlds that never were. But without it, we go nowhere. -Carl Sagan': 1, 'Freedom is the right to question and change the established way of doing things. It is the continuous revolution of the marketplace. It is the understanding that allows us to recognize shortcomings and seek solutions. -Ronald Reagan': 1, 'God does not give heed to the ambitiousness of our prayers, because he is always ready to give to us his light, not a visible light but an intellectual and spiritual one; but we are not always ready to receive it when we turn aside and down to other things out of a desire for temporal things. -Saint Augustine': 1, 'If there is any principle of the Constitution that more imperatively calls for attachment than any other it is the principle of free thought, not free thought for those who agree with us but freedom for the thought that we hate. -Oliver Wendell Holmes': 1, 'Experts tell us that if the Millennium Bug is not fixed, when the year 2000 arrives, our financial records will be inaccurate, our telephone system will be unreliable, our government will be paralyzed and airline flights will be canceled without warning. In other words, things will be pretty much the same as they are now. -Dave Barry': 1, 'No sooner do we depart from sense and instinct to follow reason but we are insensibly drawn into uncouth paradoxes, difficulties, and inconsistencies, which multiply and grow upon us as we advance in speculation; till at length, having wandered through many intricate mazes, we find ourselves just where we were, or, which is worse, sit down in a forlorn scepticism. -George Berkeley': 1, 'Through pride we are ever deceiving ourselves. But deep down below the surface of the average conscience a still, small voice says to us, something is out of tune. -Carl Jung': 1, 'Intoxicated with unbroken success, we have become too self-sufficient to feel the necessity of redeeming and preserving grace, too proud to pray to the God that made us. -Abraham Lincoln': 1, 'Let us have faith that right makes might, and in that faith, let us, to the end, dare to do our duty as we understand it. -Abraham Lincoln': 2, 'If we command our wealth, we shall be rich and free; if our wealth commands us, we are poor indeed. -Edmund Burke': 1, 'True wisdom comes to each of us when we realize how little we understand about life, ourselves, and the world around us. -Socrates': 2, 'Our attitude towards others determines their attitude towards us. -Earl Nightingale': 1, "My role in society, or any artist's or poet's role, is to try and express what we all feel. Not to tell people how to feel. Not as a preacher, not as a leader, but as a reflection of us all. -John Lennon": 1, 'Egalitarians create the most dangerous inequality of all -- inequality of power. Allowing politicians to determine what all other human beings will be allowed to earn is one of the most reckless gambles imaginable. Like the income tax, it may start off being applied only to the rich but it will inevitably reach us all. -Thomas Sowell': 1, 'If God had wanted us to spend our time fretting about the problems of home ownership, He would never have invented beer. -Dave Barry': 1, 'Goldie and I did have a car stolen right out of our yard. It took us three days to notice. -Kurt Russell': 1, 'Nature is trying very hard to make us succeed, but nature does not depend on us. We are not the only experiment. -Buckminster Fuller': 2, 'All men are timid on entering any fight. Whether it is the first or the last fight, all of us are timid. Cowards are those who let their timidity get the better of their manhood. -George Patton': 1, 'Everything that irritates us about others can lead us to an understanding of ourselves. -Carl Jung': 2, "The function of RAM is to give us guys a way of deciding whose computer has the biggest, studliest, most tumescent MEMORY. This is important, because with today's complex software, the more memory a computer has, the faster it can produce error messages. So the bottom line is, if you're a guy, you cannot have enough RAM. -Dave Barry": 1, 'The thing we all have to understand to put these last two years in focus, is that liberals in this country care more about whether European leaders like us than they do about whether terrorists are killing us. -Rush Limbaugh': 2, 'The ACLU is always yakking about the Constitution, and most of us are getting mighty tired of it. I mean, if the Constitution is so great, how come it was amended so many times? Huh? -Dave Barry': 1, 'Happy, happy Christmas, that can win us back to the delusions of our childhood days, recall to the old man the pleasures of his youth, and transport the traveler back to his own fireside and quiet home! -Charles Dickens': 1, 'If you have an apple and I have an apple and we exchange these apples then you and I will still each have one apple. But if you have an idea and I have an idea and we exchange these ideas, then each of us will have two ideas. -George Bernard Shaw': 1, "I realise that I'm making gender-based generalizations here, but my feeling is that if God did not want us to make gender-based generalizations, She would not have given us genders. -Dave Barry": 2, 'To know what is impenetrable to us really exists, manifesting itself as the highest wisdom and the most radiant beauty...this knowledge, this feeling is at the center of true religiousness. -Albert Einstein': 1, "Of all tyrannies, a tyranny exercised for the good of its victims may be the most oppressive. It may be better to live under robber barons than under omnipotent moral busybodies. The robber baron's cruelty may sometimes sleep, his cupidity may at some point be satiated; but those who torment us for our own good will torment us without end, for they do so with the approval of their own conscience. -C.S. Lewis": 2, 'God loves each of us as if there were only one of us. -Saint Augustine': 2, 'A good novel tells us the truth about its hero; but a bad novel tells us the truth about its author. -GK Chesterton': 2, 'Let us not forget that the cultivation of the earth is the most important labor of man. When tillage begins, other arts will follow. The farmers, therefore, are the founders of civilization. -Daniel Webster': 1, 'Let us now set forth one of the fundamental truths about marriage: the wife is in charge. -Bill Cosby': 1, 'There is luxury in self-reproach. When we blame ourselves, we feel no one else has a right to blame us. -Oscar Wilde': 1, 'That is the true season of love, when we believe that we alone can love, that no one could ever have loved so before us, and that no one will love in the same way after us. -Johann Wolfgang von Goethe': 2} 
maturity {'A truly great book should be read in youth, again in maturity and once more in old age, as a fine building should be seen by morning light, at noon and by moonlight. -Robertson Davies': 1, 'Maturity is a bitter disappointment for which no remedy exists, unless laughter can be said to remedy anything. -Kurt Vonnegut': 1} 
mature {"Immature love says: 'I love you because I need you.' Mature love says: 'I need you because I love you.' -Erich Fromm": 1} 
loving {'The eyes of the world are upon you. The hopes and prayers of liberty-loving people everywhere march with you. -Dwight Eisenhower': 1, 'Love means loving the unlovable - or it is no virtue at all. -GK Chesterton': 1} 
called {'When I took office, only high energy physicists had ever heard of what is called the Worldwide Web....now even my cat has its own page. -Bill Clinton': 1, 'If a man is called to be a streetsweeper, he should sweep streets even as Michelangelo painted, or Beethoven composed music, or Shakespeare wrote poetry. He should sweep streets so well that all the host of heaven and earth will pause to say, here lived a great streetsweeper who did his job well. -Martin Luther King Jr.': 1, "When we're unemployed, we're called lazy; when the whites are unemployed it's called a depression. -Jesse Jackson": 2, 'The power of accurate observation is commonly called cynicism by those who have not got it. -George Bernard Shaw': 1, 'Christmas can be celebrated in the school room with pine trees, tinsel and reindeers, but there must be no mention of the man whose birthday is being celebrated. One wonders how a teacher would answer if a student asked why it was called Christmas. -Ronald Reagan': 1, "Some folks look at me and see a certain swagger, which in Texas is called 'walking.' -George W. Bush": 1, 'Every difference of opinion is not a difference of principle. We have called by different names brethren of the same principle. -Thomas Jefferson': 1} 
possession {'No human relation gives one possession in another...every two souls are absolutely different. In friendship and in love, the two side by side raise hands together to find what one cannot reach alone. -Kahlil Gibran': 1, "Man's best possession is a sympathetic wife. -Euripides": 1} 
popularity {'Thus the metric system did not really catch on in the States, unless you count the increasing popularity of the nine-millimeter bullet. -Dave Barry': 1} 
adults {'Children are innocent and love justice, while most adults are wicked and prefer mercy. -GK Chesterton': 1} 
coincides {'People can misinterpret almost anything so that it coincides with views they already hold. They take from art what they already believe. -Stanley Kubrick': 1} 
influence {'In the councils of government, we must guard against the acquisition of unwarranted influence, whether sought or unsought, by the military-industrial complex. -Dwight Eisenhower': 1, 'He therefore is the truest friend to the liberty of this country who tries most to promote its virtue, and who, so far as his power and influence extend, will not suffer a man to be chosen into any office of power and trust who is not a wise and virtuous man. -Samuel Adams': 1} 
whitens {'How did it happen that their lips came together? How does it happen that birds sing, that snow melts, that the rose unfolds, that the dawn whitens behind the stark shapes of trees on the quivering summit of the hill? A kiss, and all was said. -Victor Hugo': 1} 
singly {'Errors of haste are seldom committed singly. The first time a man always does too much. And precisely on that account he commits a second error, and then he does too little. -Friedrich Nietzsche': 1} 
single {'Friendship is a single soul dwelling in two bodies. -Aristotle': 1, "I'm never going to be famous. My name will never be writ large on the roster of Those Who Do Things. I don't do any thing. Not one single thing. I used to bite my nails, but I don't even do that any more. -Dorothy Parker": 1, "You give me a credit to which I have no claim in calling me 'the writer of the Constitution of the United States.' This was not, like the fabled Goddess of Wisdom, the offspring of a single brain. It ought to be regarded as the work of many heads and many hands. -James Madison": 1, 'A journey of a thousand miles begins with a single step. -Confucius': 1, 'I always cheer up immensely if an attack is particularly wounding because I think, well, if they attack one personally, it means they have not a single political argument left. -Margaret Thatcher': 1, 'A single death is a tragedy; a million deaths is a statistic. -Joseph Stalin': 1} 
cure {'For each illness that doctors cure with medicine, they provoke ten in healthy people by inoculating them with the virus that is a thousand times more powerful than any microbe: the idea that one is ill. -Marcel Proust': 1, "Nothing is wrong with Southern California that a rise in the ocean level wouldn't cure. -Kenneth Millar": 1} 
ingredients {'There are three ingredients in the good life: learning, earning and yearning. -Christopher Morley': 1} 
unwise {'It is most unwise for people in love to marry. -George Bernard Shaw': 1} 
prevail {"It does not require a majority to prevail, but rather an irate, tireless minority keen to set brush fires in people's minds. -Samuel Adams": 1} 
liking {'Such is the delicacy of man alone, that no object is produced to his liking. He finds that in everything there is need for improvement. The whole industry of human life is employed not in procuring the supply of our three humble necessities, food, clothes and lodging, but in procuring the conveniences of it according to the nicety and delicacy of our tastes. -Adam Smith': 1} 
annie dillard {'How we spend our days is, of course, how we spend our lives. -Annie Dillard': 1} 
defines {"What is a wedding? Webster's dictionary defines a wedding as 'the process of removing weeds from one's garden.' -Homer Simpson": 1} 
brethren {'Every difference of opinion is not a difference of principle. We have called by different names brethren of the same principle. -Thomas Jefferson': 1} 
richard nixon {'Under the doctrine of the separation of powers, the manner in which the president personally exercises his assigned executive powers is not subject to questioning by another branch of government. -Richard Nixon': 1} 
intact {'Love anything and your heart will be wrung and possibly broken. If you want to make sure of keeping it intact you must give it to no one, not even an animal. Wrap it carefully round with hobbies and little luxuries; avoid all entanglements. Lock it up safe in the casket or coffin of your selfishness. But in that casket, safe, dark, motionless, airless, it will change. It will not be broken; it will become unbreakable, impenetrable, irredeemable. To love is to be vulnerable. -C.S. Lewis': 1} 
nag {'People have a way of becoming what you encourage them to be, not what you nag them to be. -Author Unknown': 1} 
blade {'Regarding the debate about faith and works: It\x92s like asking which blade in a pair of scissors is most important. -C.S. Lewis': 1} 
image {"I think computer viruses should count as life. I think it says something about human nature that the only form of life we have created so far is purely destructive. We've created life in our own image. -Stephen Hawking": 1} 
peace {'Even peace may be purchased at too high a price. -Benjamin Franklin': 1, "Parents are not interested in justice, they're interested in peace and quiet. -Bill Cosby": 1, "Never continue in a job you don't enjoy. If you're happy in what you're doing, you'll like yourself, you'll have inner peace. And if you have that, along with physical health, you will have had more success than you could possibly have imagined. -Johnny Carson": 1, 'If we have no peace, it is because we have forgotten that we belong to each other. -Mother Teresa': 1, 'You know what the fellow said: In Italy for thirty years under the Borgias they had warfare, terror, murder, and bloodshed, but they produced Michaelangelo, Leonardo Da Vinci, and the Renaissance. In Switzerland, they had brotherly love--they had five hundred years of democracy and peace, and what did they produce? The cuckoo clock. -Orson Welles': 1, 'Let him who desires peace prepare for war. -Vegetius': 1, "There are some who've forgotten why we have a military. It's not to promote war; it's to be prepared for peace. -Ronald Reagan": 1, 'Though force can protect in emergency, only justice, fairness, consideration and cooperation can finally lead men to the dawn of eternal peace. -Dwight Eisenhower': 1, 'To be prepared for war is one of the most effectual means of preserving peace. -George Washington': 1, 'He that would live in peace and at ease must not speak all he knows or all he sees. -Benjamin Franklin': 1, 'Peace is its own reward. -Mahatma Gandhi': 1, 'The things that will destroy America are prosperity at any price, peace at any price, safety first instead of duty first, the love of soft living and the get rich quick theory of life. -Theodore Roosevelt': 1} 
voltaire {"The puritanism of Christianity has played havoc with the moderation that an enlightened and tolerant critical spirit would have produced. I've noticed that in whatever country, county, town, or other region there is a regulation enjoining temperance, the population seems to be entirely composed of teetotallers and drunkards. There's a Bible on that shelf there. But I keep it next to Voltaire - poison and antidote. -Bertrand Russell": 1} 
redeeming {'Intoxicated with unbroken success, we have become too self-sufficient to feel the necessity of redeeming and preserving grace, too proud to pray to the God that made us. -Abraham Lincoln': 1} 
occasional {'Forgiveness is not an occasional act: it is a permanent attitude. -Martin Luther King Jr.': 1} 
club {'I would not join any club that would have someone like me for a member. -Groucho Marx': 1} 
politicians {'Egalitarians create the most dangerous inequality of all -- inequality of power. Allowing politicians to determine what all other human beings will be allowed to earn is one of the most reckless gambles imaginable. Like the income tax, it may start off being applied only to the rich but it will inevitably reach us all. -Thomas Sowell': 1, 'Corrupt politicians make the other ten percent look bad. -Henry Kissinger': 1, "Mothers all want their sons to grow up to be president, but they don't want them to become politicians in the process. -John F. Kennedy": 1} 
contenting {"Duties are not performed for duty's sake, but because their neglect would make the man uncomfortable. A man performs but one duty - the duty of contenting his spirit, the duty of making himself agreeable to himself. -Mark Twain": 1} 
income {'Egalitarians create the most dangerous inequality of all -- inequality of power. Allowing politicians to determine what all other human beings will be allowed to earn is one of the most reckless gambles imaginable. Like the income tax, it may start off being applied only to the rich but it will inevitably reach us all. -Thomas Sowell': 1, 'To you taxpayers out there, let me say this: Make sure you file your tax return on time! And remember that, even though income taxes can be a \x93pain in the neck,\x94 the folks at the IRS are regular people just like you, except that they can destroy your life. -Dave Barry': 1} 
swirl {'I love writing. I love the swirl and swing of words as they tangle with human emotions. -James Michener': 1} 
mayonnaise {"When this girl at the museum asked me who I liked better, Monet or Manet, I said, 'I like mayonnaise.' She just stared at me, so I said it again, louder. Then she left. I guess she went to try to find some mayonnaise for me. -Jack Handey": 2} 
nice {"I didn't attend the funeral, but I sent a nice letter saying I approved of it. -Mark Twain": 1, 'And what\x92s romance? Usually, a nice little tale where you have everything As You Like It, where rain never wets your jacket and gnats never bite your nose and it\x92s always daisy-time. -D.H. Lawrence': 1, "The nice thing about being a celebrity is that, if you bore people, they think it's their fault. -Henry Kissinger": 1} 
smiles {"What sunshine is to flowers, smiles are to humanity. These are but trifles, to be sure; but scattered along life's pathway, the good they do is inconceivable. -Joseph Addison": 1} 
draw {'When an American says that he loves his country, he means not only that he loves the New England hills, the prairies glistening in the sun, the wide and rising plains, the great mountains, and the sea. He means that he loves an inner air, an inner light in which freedom lives and in which a man can draw the breath of self-respect. -Adlai Stevenson': 1} 
baltasar gracian {'Without courage, wisdom bears no fruit. -Baltasar Gracian': 1, 'Always leave something to wish for; otherwise you will be miserable from your very happiness. -Baltasar Gracian': 1} 
oblige {'In framing a government which is to be administered by men over men the great difficulty lies in this: You must first enable the government to control the governed, and in the next place, oblige it to control itself. -Alexander Hamilton': 1} 
mankind's {"Humor is mankind's greatest blessing. -Mark Twain": 1} 
problems {'If God had wanted us to spend our time fretting about the problems of home ownership, He would never have invented beer. -Dave Barry': 1, 'The significant problems we face cannot be solved at the same level of thinking we were at when we created them. -Albert Einstein': 1} 
strangulation {'Back in the old days, most families were close-knit. Grown children and their parents continued to live together, under the same roof, sometimes in the same small, crowded room, year in and year out, until they died, frequently by strangulation. -Dave Barry': 1} 
prepared {"There are some who've forgotten why we have a military. It's not to promote war; it's to be prepared for peace. -Ronald Reagan": 1, 'To be prepared for war is one of the most effectual means of preserving peace. -George Washington': 1} 
meaning {"Ah, yes, divorce...from the Latin word meaning to rip out a man's genitals through his wallet. -Robin Williams": 1, 'The least of things with a meaning is worth more in life than the greatest of things without it. -Carl Jung': 1, "My life has no purpose, no direction, no aim, no meaning, and yet I'm happy. I can't figure it out. What am I doing right? -Charles Schulz": 1} 
allowing {'Egalitarians create the most dangerous inequality of all -- inequality of power. Allowing politicians to determine what all other human beings will be allowed to earn is one of the most reckless gambles imaginable. Like the income tax, it may start off being applied only to the rich but it will inevitably reach us all. -Thomas Sowell': 1} 
utterly {'Many who seem to be struggling with adversity are happy; many, amid great affluence, are utterly miserable. -Tacitus': 1} 
lucille ball {'Love yourself first and everything else falls into line. You really have to love yourself to get anything done in this world. -Lucille Ball': 1} 
structure {'Whatever affects one directly, affects all indirectly. I can never be what I ought to be until you are what you ought to be. This is the interrelated structure of reality. -Martin Luther King Jr.': 1} 
tom stoppard {'Every exit is an entry somewhere. -Tom Stoppard': 1} 
land {'If tyranny and oppression come to this land, it will be in the guise of fighting a foreign enemy. -James Madison': 1, 'The mystic chords of memory, stretching from every battlefield and patriot grave to every living heart and hearthstone all over this broad land, will yet swell the chorus of the Union, when again touched, as surely they will be, by the better angels of our nature. -Abraham Lincoln': 1, 'True patriotism hates injustice in its own land more than anywhere else. -Clarence Darrow': 1, "A University of Chicago professor said the greatest day in the world was when a water puppy crawled out on land and decided to stay. The water puppy, he said, went on to become a man. If he proves that, I am willing to give up Christmas, Thanksgiving, and New Year's Day, and to celebrate Water Puppy Day. -William Jennings Bryan": 1} 
vice {"Democracy means that anyone can grow up to be president, and anyone who doesn't grow up can be vice president. -Johnny Carson": 1, 'A typical vice of American politics is the avoidance of saying anything real on real issues. -Theodore Roosevelt': 1} 
age {"Middle age is when you've met so many people that every new person you meet reminds you of someone else. -Ogden Nash": 1, 'We live in an age when unnecessary things are our only necessities. -Oscar Wilde': 1, 'A truly great book should be read in youth, again in maturity and once more in old age, as a fine building should be seen by morning light, at noon and by moonlight. -Robertson Davies': 1, "I'm a middle age white guy, which means I'm constantly reminded that my particular group is responsible for the oppression of every known minority PLUS most wars PLUS government corruption PLUS pollution of the environment, not to mention that it was middle-age white guys who killed Bambi's mom. -Dave Barry": 2, "A diplomat is a man who always remembers a woman's birthday but never remembers her age. -Robert Frost": 1, 'The older I grow the more I distrust the familiar doctrine that age brings wisdom. -Henry Mencken': 1, 'Bashfulness is an ornament to youth, but a reproach to old age. -Aristotle': 1, 'Nobody expects to trust his body overmuch after the age of fifty. -Alexander Hamilton': 1, 'Old age is fifteen years older than I am. -Oliver Wendell Holmes': 1, 'Sex at age ninety is like trying to shoot pool with a rope. -George Burns': 1, 'I hope that when you are my age, you will be able to say as I have been able to say: We lived in freedom. We lived lives that were a statement, not an apology. -Ronald Reagan': 1, 'He who is of calm and happy nature will hardly feel the pressure of age, but to him who is of an opposite disposition youth and age are equally a burden. -Plato': 2} 
holes {'Black holes are where God divided by zero. -Steven Wright': 1} 
hillary clinton {"There cannot be true democracy unless women's voices are heard. -Hillary Clinton": 1} 
socrates {'If all our misfortunes were laid in one common heap, whence everyone must take an equal portion, most people would be content to take their own and depart. -Socrates': 1, 'True wisdom comes to each of us when we realize how little we understand about life, ourselves, and the world around us. -Socrates': 1, 'If a man is proud of his wealth, he should not be praised until it is known how he employs it. -Socrates': 1} 
summit {'How did it happen that their lips came together? How does it happen that birds sing, that snow melts, that the rose unfolds, that the dawn whitens behind the stark shapes of trees on the quivering summit of the hill? A kiss, and all was said. -Victor Hugo': 1} 
far {'Rhis is to be asserted in general of men: that they are ungrateful, fickle, false, cowardly, covetous, and as long as you succeed, are yours entirely; they will offer you their blood, property, life, and children...when the need is far distant; but when it approaches, they will turn against you. -Nicolo Machiavelli': 1, 'Remember not only to say the right thing in the right place, but far more difficult still, to leave unsaid the wrong thing at the tempting moment. -Benjamin Franklin': 1, 'There is no question that there is an unseen world. The problem is, how far is it from midtown and how late is it open? -Woody Allen': 1, 'Man [has] always assumed that he was more intelligent than dolphins because he had achieved so much-the wheel, New York, wars and so on-while all the dolphins had ever done was muck about in the water having a good time. But conversely, the dolphins had always believed that they were far more intelligent than man-for precisely the same reason. -Douglas Adams': 1, "Thus far, the reputed idiot Bush has graduated from Yale and Harvard, made a stack of cash in the oil industry, become the first consecutive-term governor of Texas, defeated a dual-term VP for the presidency, and led his party to [November 5th's] extraordinary triumphs. Let his opponents keep calling him stupid; if they do, within five years Bush will be King of England, the Pope, and world Formula One motor racing champion. -Tim Blair": 1, 'The covers of this book are too far apart. -Ambrose Bierce': 1, "Sex without love is a meaningless experience, but as far as meaningless experiences go, it's pretty damn good. -Woody Allen": 1, 'He therefore is the truest friend to the liberty of this country who tries most to promote its virtue, and who, so far as his power and influence extend, will not suffer a man to be chosen into any office of power and trust who is not a wise and virtuous man. -Samuel Adams': 1, "Instead of a trap door, what about a trap window? The guy looks out it, and if he leans too far, he falls out. Wait. I guess that's like a regular window. -Jack Handey": 1, "I think computer viruses should count as life. I think it says something about human nature that the only form of life we have created so far is purely destructive. We've created life in our own image. -Stephen Hawking": 1} 
failures {"Many of life's failures are people who did not realize how close they were to success when they gave up. -Thomas Edison": 1} 
requires {'A successful marriage requires falling in love many times, always with the same person. -Germaine Greer': 1} 
having {'No sooner do we depart from sense and instinct to follow reason but we are insensibly drawn into uncouth paradoxes, difficulties, and inconsistencies, which multiply and grow upon us as we advance in speculation; till at length, having wandered through many intricate mazes, we find ourselves just where we were, or, which is worse, sit down in a forlorn scepticism. -George Berkeley': 1, 'Man [has] always assumed that he was more intelligent than dolphins because he had achieved so much-the wheel, New York, wars and so on-while all the dolphins had ever done was muck about in the water having a good time. But conversely, the dolphins had always believed that they were far more intelligent than man-for precisely the same reason. -Douglas Adams': 1, "Having someone wonder where you are when you don't come home at night is a very old human need. -Margaret Mead": 1, "Having a male gynecologist is like going to an auto mechanic who doesn't own a car. -Carrie Snow": 1, 'I arrive at the end of this review having done my duty as a critic. I have described the movie accurately and you have a good idea what you are in for if you go to see it. Most of you will not. I cannot argue with you. Some of you will--the brave and the curious. You embody the spirit of the man who first wondered what it would taste like to eat an oyster. -Roger Ebert': 1} 
once {"The only reason for time is so that everything doesn't happen at once. -Albert Einstein": 1, "I once said cynically of a politician, 'He'll doublecross that bridge when he comes to it.' -Oscar Levant": 1, 'My dream is of a place and a time where America will once again be seen as the last best hope of earth. -Abraham Lincoln': 1, 'When the human race has once acquired a supersitition nothing short of death is ever likely to remove it. -Mark Twain': 1, 'A truly great book should be read in youth, again in maturity and once more in old age, as a fine building should be seen by morning light, at noon and by moonlight. -Robertson Davies': 1, 'Few people think more than two or three times a year. I have made an international reputation for myself by thinking once or twice a week. -George Bernard Shaw': 1, 'All children are artists. The problem is how to remain an artist once he grows up. -Pablo Picasso': 1, "There are people who put their dreams in a little box and say, Yes, I've got dreams, of course I've got dreams. Then they put the box away and bring it out once in awhile to look in it, and yep, they're still there. -Erna Bombeck": 1, 'A Native American elder once described his own inner struggles in this manner: Inside of me there are two dogs. One of the dogs is mean and evil. The other dog is good. The mean dog fights the good dog all the time. When asked which dog wins, he reflected. -George Bernard Shaw': 1, "If your kid makes one of those little homemade guitars out of a cigar box and rubber bands, don't let him just play it once or twice and then throw it away. Make him practice on it, every day, for about three hours a day. Later, he'll thank you. -Jack Handey": 1, 'Once you have flown, you will walk the earth with your eyes turned skywards, for there you have been, and there you long to return. -Leonardo da Vinci': 1, 'Cowards die many times before their deaths. The valiant never taste of death but once. -William Shakespeare': 1, "Don't knock the weather; nine-tenths of the people couldn't start a conversation if it didn't change once in a while. -Kin Hubbard": 1, 'What is now proved was once only imagined. -William Blake': 1, 'If the United Nations once admits that international disputes can be settled by using force, then we will have destroyed the foundation of the organization and our best hope of establishing a world order. -Dwight Eisenhower': 1} 
evidence {'Surely what a man does when he is caught off his guard is the best evidence as to what sort of man he is. -C.S. Lewis': 1, 'It has been said that man is a rational animal. All my life I have been searching for evidence which could support this. -Bertrand Russell': 1, "Don't join the book burners. Do not think you are going to conceal thoughts by concealing evidence that they ever existed. -Dwight Eisenhower": 1} 
jack nicholson {'A star on a movie set is like a time bomb. That bomb has got to be defused so people can approach it without fear. -Jack Nicholson': 1} 
extremes {'We ascribe beauty to that which is simple; which has no superfluous parts; which exactly answers its end; which stands related to all things; which is the mean of many extremes. -Ralph Waldo Emerson': 1} 
melts {'How did it happen that their lips came together? How does it happen that birds sing, that snow melts, that the rose unfolds, that the dawn whitens behind the stark shapes of trees on the quivering summit of the hill? A kiss, and all was said. -Victor Hugo': 1} 
resistance {'What is happiness? The feeling that power is growing, that resistance is overcome. -Friedrich Nietzsche': 1} 
proposition {'By a curious confusion, many modern critics have passed from the proposition that a masterpiece may be unpopular to the other proposition that unless it is unpopular it cannot be a masterpiece. -GK Chesterton': 2} 
go {"You cannot go on 'explaining away' for ever: you will find that you have explained explanation itself away. You cannot go on 'seeing through' things for ever. The whole point of seeing through something is to see something through it. -C.S. Lewis": 2, 'I love deadlines. I especially like the whooshing sound they make as they go flying by. -Douglas Adams': 1, "Don't go around saying the world owes you a living. The world owes you nothing. It was here first. -Mark Twain": 1, 'The hour of departure has arrived, and we go our ways - I to die, and you to live. Which is better God only knows. -Plato': 1, 'When nothing seems to help, I go and look at a stonecutter hammering away at his rock perhaps a hundred times without as much as a crack showing in it. Yet at the hundred and first blow it will split in two, and I know it was not that blow that did it, but all that had gone before. -Jacob August Riis': 1, 'Let the word go forth from this time and place, to friend and foe alike, that the torch has been passed to a new generation of Americans. -John F. Kennedy': 1, 'I get to go to lots of overseas places, like Canada. -Britney Spears': 1, "We seem to be going through a period of nostalgia, and everyone seems to think yesterday was better than today. I don't think it was, and I would advise you not to wait ten years before admitting today was great. If you're hung up on nostalgia, pretend today is yesterday and just go out and have one hell of a time. -Art Buchwald": 1, 'Take time to deliberate, but when the time for action has arrived, stop thinking and go in. -Napoleon Bonaparte': 1, 'Imagination will often carry us to worlds that never were. But without it, we go nowhere. -Carl Sagan': 1, "Reality is that which, when you stop believing in it, doesn't go away. -Phillip K. Dick": 1, 'The customs and fashions of men change like leaves on the bough, some of which go and others come. -Dante Alighieri': 1, "Being a leader is like being a lady, if you have to go around telling people you are one, you aren't. -Margaret Thatcher": 1, 'I arrive at the end of this review having done my duty as a critic. I have described the movie accurately and you have a good idea what you are in for if you go to see it. Most of you will not. I cannot argue with you. Some of you will--the brave and the curious. You embody the spirit of the man who first wondered what it would taste like to eat an oyster. -Roger Ebert': 1, 'Without question, the greatest invention in the history of mankind is beer. Oh, I grant you that the wheel was also a fine invention, but the wheel does not go nearly as well with pizza. -Dave Barry': 1, "Sex without love is a meaningless experience, but as far as meaningless experiences go, it's pretty damn good. -Woody Allen": 1, 'You are young, my son, and, as the years go by, time will change and even reverse many of your present opinions. Refrain therefore awhile from setting yourself up as a judge of the highest matters. -Plato': 1, 'A mind that is stretched by a new experience can never go back to its old dimensions. -Oliver Wendell Holmes': 1} 
issues {'A typical vice of American politics is the avoidance of saying anything real on real issues. -Theodore Roosevelt': 1} 
luxuries {'Love anything and your heart will be wrung and possibly broken. If you want to make sure of keeping it intact you must give it to no one, not even an animal. Wrap it carefully round with hobbies and little luxuries; avoid all entanglements. Lock it up safe in the casket or coffin of your selfishness. But in that casket, safe, dark, motionless, airless, it will change. It will not be broken; it will become unbreakable, impenetrable, irredeemable. To love is to be vulnerable. -C.S. Lewis': 1} 
disposal {'The time which we have at our disposal every day is elastic; the passions we feel expand it, those that we inspire contract it, and habit fills up what remains. -Marcel Proust': 1} 
concerned {'I mistrust the judgment of every man in a case in which his own wishes are concerned. -Daniel Webster': 1} 
hunger {'Every gun that is made, every warship launched, every rocket fired, signifies in the final sense a theft from those who hunger and are not fed, those who are cold and are not clothed. -Dwight Eisenhower': 1} 
daniel webster {'There are men in all ages who mean to govern well, but they mean to govern. They promise to be good masters, but they mean to be masters. -Daniel Webster': 1, 'I mistrust the judgment of every man in a case in which his own wishes are concerned. -Daniel Webster': 1, 'Wisdom begins at the end. -Daniel Webster': 1, 'Liberty exists in proportion to wholesome restraint. -Daniel Webster': 1, 'Let us not forget that the cultivation of the earth is the most important labor of man. When tillage begins, other arts will follow. The farmers, therefore, are the founders of civilization. -Daniel Webster': 1} 
literary {"Unless the religious claims of the Bible are again acknowledged, its literary claims will, I think, be given only 'mouth honour' and that decreasingly. -C.S. Lewis": 1} 
senators {"When they call the roll in the Senate, the Senators do not know whether to answer 'Present' or 'Not guilty.' -Theodore Roosevelt": 1} 
dislike {'Some of your countrymen were unable to distinguish between their native dislike for war and the stainless patriotism of those who suffered its scars. But there has been a rethinking and now we can say to you, and say as a nation, thank you for your courage. -Ronald Reagan': 1, 'He has all the virtues I dislike and none of the vices I admire. -Winston Churchill': 1} 
charity {'Before reciting his prayers, a man should give to charity. -Nachman of Bratslav': 1} 
sent {"I didn't attend the funeral, but I sent a nice letter saying I approved of it. -Mark Twain": 1} 
virtuous {'It still remains true that no justification of virtue will enable a man to be virtuous. -C.S. Lewis': 1, "One of the great attractions of patriotism -- it fulfills our worst wishes. In the person of our nation we are able, vicariously, to bully and cheat. Bully and cheat, what's more, with a feeling that we are profoundly virtuous. -Aldous Huxley": 1, 'It is a grand mistake to think of being great without goodness and I pronounce it as certain that there was never a truly great man that was not at the same time truly virtuous. -Benjamin Franklin': 1, 'He therefore is the truest friend to the liberty of this country who tries most to promote its virtue, and who, so far as his power and influence extend, will not suffer a man to be chosen into any office of power and trust who is not a wise and virtuous man. -Samuel Adams': 1} 
persuade {'My most brilliant achievement was my ability to be able to persuade my wife to marry me. -Winston Churchill': 1, 'It is said that gifts persuade even the gods. -Euripides': 1} 
mainstream {'Feminism was established to allow unattractive women easier access to the mainstream. -Rush Limbaugh': 1} 
morality {'Art, like morality, consists in drawing the line somewhere. -GK Chesterton': 1} 
condemning {'Avoid the base hypocrisy of condemning in one man what you pass over in silence when committed by another. -Theodore Roosevelt': 1} 
rhyme {"History doesn't repeat itself, but it does rhyme. -Mark Twain": 1} 
wishes {'I mistrust the judgment of every man in a case in which his own wishes are concerned. -Daniel Webster': 1, 'Indeed, man wishes to be happy even when he so lives as to make happiness impossible. -Saint Augustine': 1, "One of the great attractions of patriotism -- it fulfills our worst wishes. In the person of our nation we are able, vicariously, to bully and cheat. Bully and cheat, what's more, with a feeling that we are profoundly virtuous. -Aldous Huxley": 1} 
putting {'If my children wake up on Christmas morning and have someone to thank for putting candy in their stocking, have I no one to thank for putting two feet in mine? -GK Chesterton': 2} 
telling {'It is hard to believe that a man is telling the truth when you know that you would lie if you were in his place. -Henry Mencken': 1, "Being a leader is like being a lady, if you have to go around telling people you are one, you aren't. -Margaret Thatcher": 1, "Cocaine is God's way of telling someone that they're too rich. -Robin Williams": 1} 
yourselves {'Take everything you like seriously, except yourselves. -Rudyard Kipling': 1} 
everybody's {"Anybody can become angry - that is easy, but to be angry with the right person and to the right degree and at the right time and for the right purpose, and in the right way - that is not within everybody's power and is not easy. -Aristotle": 1} 
continued {'Back in the old days, most families were close-knit. Grown children and their parents continued to live together, under the same roof, sometimes in the same small, crowded room, year in and year out, until they died, frequently by strangulation. -Dave Barry': 1} 
framing {'In framing a government which is to be administered by men over men the great difficulty lies in this: You must first enable the government to control the governed, and in the next place, oblige it to control itself. -Alexander Hamilton': 1} 
mythical {"I have come to the conclusion that my subjective account of my motivation is largely mythical on almost all occasions. I don't know why I do things. -J.B.S. Haldane": 1} 
entire {'Trust the people. This is the one irrefutable lesson of the entire postwar period contradicting the notion that rigid government controls are essential to economic development. -Ronald Reagan': 1, 'For a time, at least, I was the most famous person in the entire world. -Jesse Owens': 1} 
magic {'The magic of first love is our ignorance that it can never end. -Benjamin Disraeli': 1} 
solutions {'Freedom is the right to question and change the established way of doing things. It is the continuous revolution of the marketplace. It is the understanding that allows us to recognize shortcomings and seek solutions. -Ronald Reagan': 1} 
meant {'Remember when safe sex meant not getting caught? -Author Unknown': 1} 
experiencing {'We are healed from suffering only by experiencing it to the full. -Marcel Proust': 1} 
marry {'Men marry because they are tired; women because they are curious. Both are disappointed. -Oscar Wilde': 1, "God help the man who won't marry until he finds a perfect woman, and God help him still more if he finds her. -Benjamin Tillet": 1, 'Men marry to make an end; women to make a beginning. -Alexis Dupuy': 1, "Don't marry a man to reform him - that's what reform schools are for. -Mae West": 1, 'My most brilliant achievement was my ability to be able to persuade my wife to marry me. -Winston Churchill': 1, 'It is most unwise for people in love to marry. -George Bernard Shaw': 1} 
leader {'To be a leader means to be able to move masses. -Adolf Hitler': 1, 'Reason and judgment are the qualities of a leader. -Tacitus': 1, 'A leader is a man who can adapt principles to circumstances. -George Patton': 1, "Being a leader is like being a lady, if you have to go around telling people you are one, you aren't. -Margaret Thatcher": 1, 'No man will make a great leader who wants to do it all himself or get all the credit for doing it. -Andrew Carnegie': 1, "My role in society, or any artist's or poet's role, is to try and express what we all feel. Not to tell people how to feel. Not as a preacher, not as a leader, but as a reflection of us all. -John Lennon": 1} 
try {'I will honor Christmas in my heart, and try to keep it all the year. -Charles Dickens': 1, "If you're in a boxing match, try not to let the other guy's glove touch your lips, because you don't know where that glove has been. -Jack Handey": 1, "When this girl at the museum asked me who I liked better, Monet or Manet, I said, 'I like mayonnaise.' She just stared at me, so I said it again, louder. Then she left. I guess she went to try to find some mayonnaise for me. -Jack Handey": 1, 'Not only is there no God, but try finding a plumber on Sunday. -Woody Allen': 1, "My role in society, or any artist's or poet's role, is to try and express what we all feel. Not to tell people how to feel. Not as a preacher, not as a leader, but as a reflection of us all. -John Lennon": 1, 'Democratic nations must try to find ways to starve the terrorist and the hijacker of the oxygen of publicity on which they depend. -Margaret Thatcher': 1} 
race {'When the human race has once acquired a supersitition nothing short of death is ever likely to remove it. -Mark Twain': 1} 
discounting {"We all wish to be judged by our peers, by the men 'after our own heart.' Only they really know our mind and only they judge it by standards we fully acknowledge. Theirs is the praise we really covet and the blame we really dread. The little pockets of early Chrstians survived because they cared exclusively for the love of 'the bretheren' and stopped their ears to the opinion of the Pagan society around them. But a circle of criminals, cranks, or perverts survives in just the same way; by becoming deaf to the opinion of the outer world, by discounting it as the chatter of outsiders who 'don't understand,' of the 'conventional,' the 'bourgeois,' the 'Establishment,' of prigs, prudes, and humbugs. -C.S. Lewis": 1} 
avoiding {"Science is not about building a body of known 'facts'. It is a method for asking awkward questions and subjecting them to a reality-check, thus avoiding the human tendency to believe whatever makes us feel good. -Terry Pratchett": 1} 
leonardo {'You know what the fellow said: In Italy for thirty years under the Borgias they had warfare, terror, murder, and bloodshed, but they produced Michaelangelo, Leonardo Da Vinci, and the Renaissance. In Switzerland, they had brotherly love--they had five hundred years of democracy and peace, and what did they produce? The cuckoo clock. -Orson Welles': 1} 
confucius {'Death and life have their determined appointments; riches and honors depend upon heaven. -Confucius': 1, 'An oppressive government is more to be feared than a tiger. -Confucius': 1, 'He who learns but does not think, is lost! He who thinks but does not learn is in great danger. -Confucius': 1, 'A journey of a thousand miles begins with a single step. -Confucius': 1} 
comforts {'Money can help you to get medicines but not health. Money can help you to get soft pillows, but not sound sleep. Money can help you to get material comforts, but not eternal bliss. Money can help you to get ornaments, but not beauty. Money will help you to get an electric earphone, but not natural hearing. Attain the supreme wealth, wisdom, and you will have everything. -Benjamin Franklin': 1} 
you'd {"I think a good gift for the president would be a chocolate revolver. And since he's so busy, you'd probably have to run up to him and hand it to him. -Jack Handey": 1, "The only way to keep your health is to eat what you don't want, drink what you don't like, and do what you'd rather not. -Mark Twain": 1} 
bleeding {'Opera is when a guy gets stabbed in the back and, instead of bleeding, he sings. -Ed Gardner': 1} 
poets {'Too many poets delude themselves by thinking that the mind is dangerous and must be left out. Well, the mind is dangerous and must be left in. -Robert Frost': 1} 
undergo {'Those who expect to reap the blessings of freedom must, like men, undergo the fatigue of supporting it. -Thomas Paine': 1} 
uncomfortable {"Duties are not performed for duty's sake, but because their neglect would make the man uncomfortable. A man performs but one duty - the duty of contenting his spirit, the duty of making himself agreeable to himself. -Mark Twain": 1} 
subtle {'To be a philosopher is not merely to have subtle thoughts; but so to love wisdom as to live according to its dictates. -Henry Thoreau': 1} 
ardent {'It is better to be bold than too circumspect, because fortune is of a sex which likes not a tardy wooer and repulses all who are not ardent. -Nicolo Machiavelli': 1} 
george washington {"Associate yourself with men of good quality if you esteem your own reputation; for 'tis better to be alone than in bad company. -George Washington": 1, 'As Mankind becomes more liberal, they will be more apt to allow that all those who conduct themselves as worthy members of the community are equally entitled to the protections of civil government. I hope ever to see America among the foremost nations of justice and liberality. -George Washington': 1, 'To be prepared for war is one of the most effectual means of preserving peace. -George Washington': 1, 'War - an act of violence whose object is to constrain the enemy, to accomplish our will. -George Washington': 1, 'Government is not reason; it is not eloquent; it is force. Like fire, it is a dangerous servant and a fearful master. -George Washington': 1, 'The Nation which indulges toward another an habitual hatred or an habitual fondness is in some degree a slave. It is a slave to its animosity or to its affection, either of which is sufficient to lead it astray from its duty and its interest. -George Washington': 1} 
honors {'Death and life have their determined appointments; riches and honors depend upon heaven. -Confucius': 1} 
george patton {"May God have mercy upon my enemies, because I won't. -George Patton": 1, 'The object of war is not to die for your country but to make the other bastard die for his. -George Patton': 1, 'All men are timid on entering any fight. Whether it is the first or the last fight, all of us are timid. Cowards are those who let their timidity get the better of their manhood. -George Patton': 1, 'All glory is fleeting. -George Patton': 1, 'A leader is a man who can adapt principles to circumstances. -George Patton': 1, 'It is only by doing things others have not that one can advance. -George Patton': 1, 'Accept the challenges so that you can feel the exhilaration of victory. -George Patton': 1} 
inaccurate {'Experts tell us that if the Millennium Bug is not fixed, when the year 2000 arrives, our financial records will be inaccurate, our telephone system will be unreliable, our government will be paralyzed and airline flights will be canceled without warning. In other words, things will be pretty much the same as they are now. -Dave Barry': 1} 
plays {'The intellect is not a serious thing, and never has been. It is an instrument on which one plays, that is all. -Oscar Wilde': 1} 
power {'The art of being happy lies in the power of extracting happiness from common things. -Henry Ward Beecher': 1, "Anybody can become angry - that is easy, but to be angry with the right person and to the right degree and at the right time and for the right purpose, and in the right way - that is not within everybody's power and is not easy. -Aristotle": 1, 'What is happiness? The feeling that power is growing, that resistance is overcome. -Friedrich Nietzsche': 1, 'The United States stands at the pinnacle of world power. This is a solemn moment for the American democracy. For with primacy in power is joined an awe-inspiring accountability for the future. -Winston Churchill': 2, 'We have it in our power to begin the world over again. -Thomas Paine': 1, 'Our nettlesome task is to discover how to organize our strength into compelling power. -Martin Luther King Jr.': 1, 'He therefore is the truest friend to the liberty of this country who tries most to promote its virtue, and who, so far as his power and influence extend, will not suffer a man to be chosen into any office of power and trust who is not a wise and virtuous man. -Samuel Adams': 2, 'Egalitarians create the most dangerous inequality of all -- inequality of power. Allowing politicians to determine what all other human beings will be allowed to earn is one of the most reckless gambles imaginable. Like the income tax, it may start off being applied only to the rich but it will inevitably reach us all. -Thomas Sowell': 1, 'The power of accurate observation is commonly called cynicism by those who have not got it. -George Bernard Shaw': 1, 'No doubt those who really founded modern science were usually those whose love of truth exceeded their love of power. -C.S. Lewis': 1} 
paintings {'Not everybody trusts paintings, but people believe photographs. -Ansel Adams': 1} 
chicago {'Chicago sounds rough to the maker of verse. One comfort we have: Cincinnati sounds worse. -Oliver Wendell Holmes': 1, "A University of Chicago professor said the greatest day in the world was when a water puppy crawled out on land and decided to stay. The water puppy, he said, went on to become a man. If he proves that, I am willing to give up Christmas, Thanksgiving, and New Year's Day, and to celebrate Water Puppy Day. -William Jennings Bryan": 1} 
giving {"When you stop giving and offering something to the rest of the world, it's time to turn out the lights. -George Burns": 1, 'Show me your hands. Do they have scars from giving? Show me your feet. Are they wounded in service? Show me your heart. Have you left a place for divine love? -Fulton J. Sheen': 1, "It's not how much we give but how much love we put into giving. -Mother Teresa": 1, 'The giving of love is an education in itself. -Eleanor Roosevelt': 1} 
probably {"I think a good gift for the president would be a chocolate revolver. And since he's so busy, you'd probably have to run up to him and hand it to him. -Jack Handey": 1, "If you're afraid to ask the question, it's probably because you already know the answer. -Miriam M. Wynn": 1} 
webster's {"What is a wedding? Webster's dictionary defines a wedding as 'the process of removing weeds from one's garden.' -Homer Simpson": 1} 
man's {"A man's very highest moment is, I have no doubt at all, when he kneels in the dust, and beats his breast, and tells all the sins of his life. -Oscar Wilde": 1, "What a man's mind can create, man's character can control. -Thomas Edison": 2, "Art is man's expression of his joy in labor. -Henry Kissinger": 1, "The right to swing my fist ends where the other man's nose begins. -Oliver Wendell Holmes": 1, "Many a man's reputation would not know his character if they met on the street. -Elbert Hubbard": 1, "Man's best possession is a sympathetic wife. -Euripides": 1, "In every man's heart there is a secret nerve that answers to the vibrations of beauty. -Christopher Morley": 1, "To be wise and love exceeds man's might. -William Shakespeare": 1, "Ah, yes, divorce...from the Latin word meaning to rip out a man's genitals through his wallet. -Robin Williams": 1} 
access {'Feminism was established to allow unattractive women easier access to the mainstream. -Rush Limbaugh': 1} 
experiment {'Nature is trying very hard to make us succeed, but nature does not depend on us. We are not the only experiment. -Buckminster Fuller': 1} 
orson welles {'You know what the fellow said: In Italy for thirty years under the Borgias they had warfare, terror, murder, and bloodshed, but they produced Michaelangelo, Leonardo Da Vinci, and the Renaissance. In Switzerland, they had brotherly love--they had five hundred years of democracy and peace, and what did they produce? The cuckoo clock. -Orson Welles': 1} 
expresses {'Any reviewer who expresses rage and loathing for a novel is preposterous. He or she is like a person who has put on full armor and attacked a hot fudge sundae. -Kurt Vonnegut': 1, 'Music expresses that which cannot be said and on which it is impossible to be silent. -Victor Hugo': 1, 'As I would not be a slave, so I would not be a master. This expresses my idea of democracy. Whatever differs from this, to the extent of the difference, is no democracy. -Abraham Lincoln': 1} 
fred allen {'Hanging is too good for a man who makes puns -- he should be drawn and quoted. -Fred Allen': 1} 
exercise {'I have never taken any exercise except sleeping and resting. -Mark Twain': 1} 
saps {'As every divided kingdom falls, so every mind divided between many studies confounds and saps itself. -Leonardo da Vinci': 1} 
body {'Ocean: A body of water occupying 2/3 of a world made for man...who has no gills. -Ambrose Bierce': 1, "Science is not about building a body of known 'facts'. It is a method for asking awkward questions and subjecting them to a reality-check, thus avoiding the human tendency to believe whatever makes us feel good. -Terry Pratchett": 1, 'Certain thoughts are prayers. There are moments when, whatever be the attitude of the body, the soul is on its knees. -Victor Hugo': 1, 'Nobody expects to trust his body overmuch after the age of fifty. -Alexander Hamilton': 1, "It is a scientific fact that your body will not absorb cholesterol if you take it from another person's plate. -Dave Barry": 1, 'Self-denial is the shining sore on the leprous body of Christianity. -Oscar Wilde': 1, 'Games lubricate the body and the mind. -Benjamin Franklin': 1} 
scepticism {'No sooner do we depart from sense and instinct to follow reason but we are insensibly drawn into uncouth paradoxes, difficulties, and inconsistencies, which multiply and grow upon us as we advance in speculation; till at length, having wandered through many intricate mazes, we find ourselves just where we were, or, which is worse, sit down in a forlorn scepticism. -George Berkeley': 1} 
justification {'It still remains true that no justification of virtue will enable a man to be virtuous. -C.S. Lewis': 1} 
led {"Thus far, the reputed idiot Bush has graduated from Yale and Harvard, made a stack of cash in the oil industry, become the first consecutive-term governor of Texas, defeated a dual-term VP for the presidency, and led his party to [November 5th's] extraordinary triumphs. Let his opponents keep calling him stupid; if they do, within five years Bush will be King of England, the Pope, and world Formula One motor racing champion. -Tim Blair": 1} 
desires {'Those who forget good and evil and seek only to know the facts are more likely to achieve good than those who view the world through the distorting medium of their own desires. -Bertrand Russell': 1, 'Let him who desires peace prepare for war. -Vegetius': 1, 'A man who desires to get married should know either everything or nothing. -Oscar Wilde': 1, "Why are people's ''deepest desires'' always so shallow? -Author Unknown": 1} 
exchange {'If you have an apple and I have an apple and we exchange these apples then you and I will still each have one apple. But if you have an idea and I have an idea and we exchange these ideas, then each of us will have two ideas. -George Bernard Shaw': 2} 
matthew arnold {'Journalism is literature in a hurry. -Matthew Arnold': 1, 'Truth sits upon the lips of dying men. -Matthew Arnold': 1} 
gathered {'I have gathered a posie of other men\x92s flowers, and nothing but the thread that binds them is mine own. -John Bartlett': 1} 
sins {"A man's very highest moment is, I have no doubt at all, when he kneels in the dust, and beats his breast, and tells all the sins of his life. -Oscar Wilde": 1} 
following {'No nation keeps its word. A nation is a big, blind worm, following what? Fate perhaps. A nation has no honor, it has no word to keep. -Carl Jung': 1, 'In the Orthodox spiritual tradition, the ultimate moral question we ask is the following: Is what we are doing, is what I am doing, beautiful or not? -Carolyn Gifford': 1} 
objects {'It is very easy to tell the difference between man-made and God-made objects. The more you magnify man-made objects, the cruder they look, but the more you magnify God-made objects, the more precise and intricate they appear. -Luther Sutherland': 3} 
let {'It is better to keep your mouth closed and let people think you are a fool than to open it and remove all doubt. -Mark Twain': 1, 'Let the river roll which way it will, cities will rise on its banks. -Ralph Waldo Emerson': 1, 'Let the word go forth from this time and place, to friend and foe alike, that the torch has been passed to a new generation of Americans. -John F. Kennedy': 1, 'To defend Western Europe we have to let the Pentagon buy all these tanks and guns and things, and the Pentagon is unable to buy any object that that costs less than a condominium in Vail. If the Pentagon needs, say, fruit, it will argue that it must have fruit that can withstand the rigors of combat conditions, and it will wind up purchasing the FX-700 Seedless Tactical Grape, which will cost $160,000 per bunch, and will have an 83 percent failure rate. -Dave Barry': 1, 'Let him who desires peace prepare for war. -Vegetius': 1, "If you're in a boxing match, try not to let the other guy's glove touch your lips, because you don't know where that glove has been. -Jack Handey": 1, 'All men are timid on entering any fight. Whether it is the first or the last fight, all of us are timid. Cowards are those who let their timidity get the better of their manhood. -George Patton': 1, 'Let us not forget that the cultivation of the earth is the most important labor of man. When tillage begins, other arts will follow. The farmers, therefore, are the founders of civilization. -Daniel Webster': 1, 'I have never let my schooling interfere with my education. -Mark Twain': 1, 'Let us have faith that right makes might, and in that faith, let us, to the end, dare to do our duty as we understand it. -Abraham Lincoln': 2, "Thus far, the reputed idiot Bush has graduated from Yale and Harvard, made a stack of cash in the oil industry, become the first consecutive-term governor of Texas, defeated a dual-term VP for the presidency, and led his party to [November 5th's] extraordinary triumphs. Let his opponents keep calling him stupid; if they do, within five years Bush will be King of England, the Pope, and world Formula One motor racing champion. -Tim Blair": 1, 'Let us now set forth one of the fundamental truths about marriage: the wife is in charge. -Bill Cosby': 1, 'To you taxpayers out there, let me say this: Make sure you file your tax return on time! And remember that, even though income taxes can be a \x93pain in the neck,\x94 the folks at the IRS are regular people just like you, except that they can destroy your life. -Dave Barry': 1, "If your kid makes one of those little homemade guitars out of a cigar box and rubber bands, don't let him just play it once or twice and then throw it away. Make him practice on it, every day, for about three hours a day. Later, he'll thank you. -Jack Handey": 1, 'From the prodigious hilltops of New Hampshire, let freedom ring. From the mighty mountains of New York, let freedom ring. From the heightening Alleghenies of Pennsylvania, let freedom ring. But not only that: Let freedom ring from every hill and molehill of Mississippi. -Martin Luther King Jr.': 4, "Don't let people drive you crazy when you know it's in walking distance. -Author Unknown": 1} 
separation {'Under the doctrine of the separation of powers, the manner in which the president personally exercises his assigned executive powers is not subject to questioning by another branch of government. -Richard Nixon': 1} 
others {"I've worked for four presidents and watched two others up close, and I know that there's no such thing as a routine day in the Oval Office. -Dick Cheney": 1, 'The customs and fashions of men change like leaves on the bough, some of which go and others come. -Dante Alighieri': 1, 'Our attitude towards others determines their attitude towards us. -Earl Nightingale': 1, 'Man was made for action, and to promote by the exertion of his faculties such changes in the external circumstances both of himself and others, as may seem most favourable to the happiness of all. -Adam Smith': 1, 'Everything that irritates us about others can lead us to an understanding of ourselves. -Carl Jung': 1, 'Those who bring sunshine to the lives of others, cannot keep it from themselves. -James Matthew Barrie': 1, 'There are painters who transform the sun to a yellow spot, but there are others who with the help of their art and their intelligence, transform a yellow spot into the sun. -Pablo Picasso': 1, 'It is only by doing things others have not that one can advance. -George Patton': 1, 'I have often wondered how it is that every man loves himself more than all the rest of men, but yet sets less value on his own opinion of himself than on the opinion of others. -Marcus Aurelius': 1, "Life's most persistent and urgent question is, 'What are you doing for others?' -Martin Luther King Jr.": 1} 
playwriting {"Playwriting gets into your blood and you can't stop it. At least, not until the producers or the public tell you to. -T.S. Eliot": 1} 
invented {'If God had wanted us to spend our time fretting about the problems of home ownership, He would never have invented beer. -Dave Barry': 1, 'If Al Gore invented the Internet, I invented spell check. -Dan Quayle': 2, 'Cooking was invented in prehistoric times, when a primitive tribe had a lucky accident. The tribe had killed an animal and was going to eat it raw, when a tribe member named Woog tripped and dropped it into the fire. At first the other tribe members were angry at Woog, but then, as the aroma of burning meat filled the air, they had an idea. So they ate Woog raw. -Dave Barry': 1, 'America did not invent human rights. In a very real sense...human rights invented America. -Jimmy Carter': 1} 
fifteen {'Old age is fifteen years older than I am. -Oliver Wendell Holmes': 1} 
kidnapped {'Being born is like being kidnapped. And then sold into slavery. -Andy Warhol': 1} 
conscientious {'Nothing in the world is more dangerous than sincere ignorance and conscientious stupidity. -Martin Luther King Jr.': 1} 
great {'A truly great book should be read in youth, again in maturity and once more in old age, as a fine building should be seen by morning light, at noon and by moonlight. -Robertson Davies': 1, "Everybody can be great... because anybody can serve. You don't have to have a college degree to serve. You don't have to make your subject and verb agree to serve. You only need a heart full of grace. A soul generated by love. -Martin Luther King Jr.": 1, 'Many who seem to be struggling with adversity are happy; many, amid great affluence, are utterly miserable. -Tacitus': 1, 'No man will make a great leader who wants to do it all himself or get all the credit for doing it. -Andrew Carnegie': 1, 'In framing a government which is to be administered by men over men the great difficulty lies in this: You must first enable the government to control the governed, and in the next place, oblige it to control itself. -Alexander Hamilton': 1, 'All enterprises that are entered into with indiscreet zeal may be pursued with great vigor at first, but are sure to collapse in the end. -Tacitus': 1, 'When an American says that he loves his country, he means not only that he loves the New England hills, the prairies glistening in the sun, the wide and rising plains, the great mountains, and the sea. He means that he loves an inner air, an inner light in which freedom lives and in which a man can draw the breath of self-respect. -Adlai Stevenson': 1, 'If a man is called to be a streetsweeper, he should sweep streets even as Michelangelo painted, or Beethoven composed music, or Shakespeare wrote poetry. He should sweep streets so well that all the host of heaven and earth will pause to say, here lived a great streetsweeper who did his job well. -Martin Luther King Jr.': 1, "Money never made a man happy yet, nor will it. There is nothing in its nature to produce happiness. The more a man has, the more he wants. Instead of its filling a vacuum, it makes one. If it satisfies one want, it doubles and trebles that want another way. That was a true proverb of the wise man, rely upon it; ''Better is little with the fear of the Lord, than great treasure, and trouble therewith. -Benjamin Franklin": 1, 'The great nations have always acted like gangsters, and the small nations like prostitutes. -Stanley Kubrick': 1, 'There is a great deal of difference between an eager man who wants to read a book and the tired man who wants a book to read. -GK Chesterton': 1, 'He who learns but does not think, is lost! He who thinks but does not learn is in great danger. -Confucius': 1, "We seem to be going through a period of nostalgia, and everyone seems to think yesterday was better than today. I don't think it was, and I would advise you not to wait ten years before admitting today was great. If you're hung up on nostalgia, pretend today is yesterday and just go out and have one hell of a time. -Art Buchwald": 1, "Forgive, O Lord, my little jokes on Thee, and I'll forgive Thy great big joke on me. -Robert Frost": 1, 'It is a grand mistake to think of being great without goodness and I pronounce it as certain that there was never a truly great man that was not at the same time truly virtuous. -Benjamin Franklin': 2, 'Never give in--never, never, never, never, in nothing great or small, large or petty, never give in except to convictions of honour and good sense. Never yield to force; never yield to the apparently overwhelming might of the enemy. -Winston Churchill': 1, 'The ACLU is always yakking about the Constitution, and most of us are getting mighty tired of it. I mean, if the Constitution is so great, how come it was amended so many times? Huh? -Dave Barry': 1, "One of the great attractions of patriotism -- it fulfills our worst wishes. In the person of our nation we are able, vicariously, to bully and cheat. Bully and cheat, what's more, with a feeling that we are profoundly virtuous. -Aldous Huxley": 1, 'Time is a great teacher, but unfortunately it kills all its pupils. -Louis Hector Berlioz': 1, 'Enthusiasm is the great hill-climber. -Elbert Hubbard': 1, 'What is the most important for democracy is not that great fortunes should not exist, but that great fortunes should not remain in the same hands. In that way there are rich men, but they do not form a class. -Alexis de Tocqueville': 2, 'A great deal of intelligence can be invested in ignorance when the need for illusion is deep. -Saul Bellow': 1} 
engage {'Thinking is the hardest work there is, which is the probable reason why so few engage in it. -Henry Ford': 1} 
talent {'Never confuse the size of your paycheck with the size of your talent. -Marlon Brando': 1, "Talent alone won't make you a success. Neither will being in the right place at the right time, unless you are ready. The most important question is: 'Are you ready?' -Johnny Carson": 1} 
receive {'I believe one of the reasons so many do not get a higher education is the fear of their parents that they will lose more morally than they will receive mentally. -William Jennings Bryan': 1, 'God does not give heed to the ambitiousness of our prayers, because he is always ready to give to us his light, not a visible light but an intellectual and spiritual one; but we are not always ready to receive it when we turn aside and down to other things out of a desire for temporal things. -Saint Augustine': 1} 
composing {'The last thing one discovers in composing a work is what to put first. -Blaise Pascal': 1} 
existent {'The invisible and the non-existent look very much alike. -Delos McKown': 1} 
opinion {'In any fairly large and talkative community such as a university there is always the danger that those who think alike should gravitate together where they will henceforth encounter opposition only in the emasculated form of rumour that the outsiders say thus and thus. The absent are easily refuted, complacent dogmatism thrives, and differences of opinion are embittered by the group hostility. Each group hears not the best, but the worst, that the other group can say. -C.S. Lewis': 1, 'Every difference of opinion is not a difference of principle. We have called by different names brethren of the same principle. -Thomas Jefferson': 1, 'I have often wondered how it is that every man loves himself more than all the rest of men, but yet sets less value on his own opinion of himself than on the opinion of others. -Marcus Aurelius': 2, "We all wish to be judged by our peers, by the men 'after our own heart.' Only they really know our mind and only they judge it by standards we fully acknowledge. Theirs is the praise we really covet and the blame we really dread. The little pockets of early Chrstians survived because they cared exclusively for the love of 'the bretheren' and stopped their ears to the opinion of the Pagan society around them. But a circle of criminals, cranks, or perverts survives in just the same way; by becoming deaf to the opinion of the outer world, by discounting it as the chatter of outsiders who 'don't understand,' of the 'conventional,' the 'bourgeois,' the 'Establishment,' of prigs, prudes, and humbugs. -C.S. Lewis": 2} 
makes {"Science is not about building a body of known 'facts'. It is a method for asking awkward questions and subjecting them to a reality-check, thus avoiding the human tendency to believe whatever makes us feel good. -Terry Pratchett": 1, 'Never discourage anyone who continually makes progress, no matter how slow. -Plato': 1, "If your kid makes one of those little homemade guitars out of a cigar box and rubber bands, don't let him just play it once or twice and then throw it away. Make him practice on it, every day, for about three hours a day. Later, he'll thank you. -Jack Handey": 1, 'Even if there is only one possible unified theory, it is just a set of rules and equations. What is it that breathes fire into the equations and makes a universe for them to describe? -Stephen Hawking': 1, 'Let us have faith that right makes might, and in that faith, let us, to the end, dare to do our duty as we understand it. -Abraham Lincoln': 1, 'Hanging is too good for a man who makes puns -- he should be drawn and quoted. -Fred Allen': 1, 'I wake each morning torn between the desire to improve the world and the desire to enjoy it. It makes it hard to plan the day. -E.B. White': 1, 'Time makes more converts than reason. -Thomas Paine': 1, "Money never made a man happy yet, nor will it. There is nothing in its nature to produce happiness. The more a man has, the more he wants. Instead of its filling a vacuum, it makes one. If it satisfies one want, it doubles and trebles that want another way. That was a true proverb of the wise man, rely upon it; ''Better is little with the fear of the Lord, than great treasure, and trouble therewith. -Benjamin Franklin": 1, "What is it that makes a complete stranger dive into an icy river to save a solid-gold baby? Maybe we'll never know. -Jack Handey": 1, 'Happiness makes up in height for what it lacks in length. -Robert Frost': 1} 
maker {'Chicago sounds rough to the maker of verse. One comfort we have: Cincinnati sounds worse. -Oliver Wendell Holmes': 1} 
composed {"The puritanism of Christianity has played havoc with the moderation that an enlightened and tolerant critical spirit would have produced. I've noticed that in whatever country, county, town, or other region there is a regulation enjoining temperance, the population seems to be entirely composed of teetotallers and drunkards. There's a Bible on that shelf there. But I keep it next to Voltaire - poison and antidote. -Bertrand Russell": 1, 'If a man is called to be a streetsweeper, he should sweep streets even as Michelangelo painted, or Beethoven composed music, or Shakespeare wrote poetry. He should sweep streets so well that all the host of heaven and earth will pause to say, here lived a great streetsweeper who did his job well. -Martin Luther King Jr.': 1, 'Forever is composed of nows. -Emily Dickinson': 1} 
hilltops {'From the prodigious hilltops of New Hampshire, let freedom ring. From the mighty mountains of New York, let freedom ring. From the heightening Alleghenies of Pennsylvania, let freedom ring. But not only that: Let freedom ring from every hill and molehill of Mississippi. -Martin Luther King Jr.': 1} 
named {'Cooking was invented in prehistoric times, when a primitive tribe had a lucky accident. The tribe had killed an animal and was going to eat it raw, when a tribe member named Woog tripped and dropped it into the fire. At first the other tribe members were angry at Woog, but then, as the aroma of burning meat filled the air, they had an idea. So they ate Woog raw. -Dave Barry': 1} 
apple {'If you have an apple and I have an apple and we exchange these apples then you and I will still each have one apple. But if you have an idea and I have an idea and we exchange these ideas, then each of us will have two ideas. -George Bernard Shaw': 3} 
danger {'In any fairly large and talkative community such as a university there is always the danger that those who think alike should gravitate together where they will henceforth encounter opposition only in the emasculated form of rumour that the outsiders say thus and thus. The absent are easily refuted, complacent dogmatism thrives, and differences of opinion are embittered by the group hostility. Each group hears not the best, but the worst, that the other group can say. -C.S. Lewis': 1, 'The means of defense against foreign danger historically have become the instruments of tyranny at home. -James Madison': 1, 'Of course the people dont want war...that is understood. But voice or no voice, the people can always be brought to the bidding of the leaders. That is easy. All you have to do is tell them they are being attacked, and denounce the pacifists for lack of patriotism and exposing the country to danger. It works the same in any country. -Hermann Goering': 1, 'He who learns but does not think, is lost! He who thinks but does not learn is in great danger. -Confucius': 1} 
win {'If you will not fight for the right when you can easily win without bloodshed; if you will not fight when your victory will be sure and not too costly; you may come to the moment when you will have to fight with all the odds against you and only a small chance of survival. There may even be a worse case: you may have to fight when there is no hope of victory, because it is better to perish than to live as slaves. -Winston Churchill': 1, 'The best way to win an argument is to begin by being right. -Jill Ruckleshaus': 1, "No side will win the Battle of the Sexes. There's too much fraternizing with the enemy. -Henry Kissinger": 1, 'Happy, happy Christmas, that can win us back to the delusions of our childhood days, recall to the old man the pleasures of his youth, and transport the traveler back to his own fireside and quiet home! -Charles Dickens': 1} 
manage {'It must be remembered that there is nothing more difficult to plan, more doubtful of success nor more dangerous to manage than the creation of a new system. For the initiator has the enmity of all who profit by the preservation of the old institution and merely lukewarm defenders in those who would gain by the new one. -Nicolo Machiavelli': 1} 
crazy {"Don't let people drive you crazy when you know it's in walking distance. -Author Unknown": 1} 
louis hector berlioz {'Time is a great teacher, but unfortunately it kills all its pupils. -Louis Hector Berlioz': 1} 
improbable {'Probable impossibilities are to be preferred to improbable possibilities. -Aristotle': 1} 
equals {'Dogs look up to you. Cats look down on you. Pigs treat you like equals. -Winston Churchill': 1} 
christopher morley {'There are three ingredients in the good life: learning, earning and yearning. -Christopher Morley': 1, 'There is only one rule for being a good talker - learn to listen. -Christopher Morley': 1, "In every man's heart there is a secret nerve that answers to the vibrations of beauty. -Christopher Morley": 1, 'Beauty is ever to the lonely mind a shadow fleeting; she is never plain. She is a visitor who leaves behind the gift of grief, the souvenir of pain. -Christopher Morley': 1} 
names {'Every difference of opinion is not a difference of principle. We have called by different names brethren of the same principle. -Thomas Jefferson': 1} 
motor {"Thus far, the reputed idiot Bush has graduated from Yale and Harvard, made a stack of cash in the oil industry, become the first consecutive-term governor of Texas, defeated a dual-term VP for the presidency, and led his party to [November 5th's] extraordinary triumphs. Let his opponents keep calling him stupid; if they do, within five years Bush will be King of England, the Pope, and world Formula One motor racing champion. -Tim Blair": 1} 
lodging {'Such is the delicacy of man alone, that no object is produced to his liking. He finds that in everything there is need for improvement. The whole industry of human life is employed not in procuring the supply of our three humble necessities, food, clothes and lodging, but in procuring the conveniences of it according to the nicety and delicacy of our tastes. -Adam Smith': 1} 
oval {"I've worked for four presidents and watched two others up close, and I know that there's no such thing as a routine day in the Oval Office. -Dick Cheney": 1} 
pretensions {'There is only one force of history that can break the reign of hatred and resentment, and expose the pretensions of tyrants, and reward the hopes of the decent and tolerant, and that is the force of human freedom. -George W. Bush': 1} 
tools {'Sin has many tools, but a lie is the handle which fits them all. -Edmund Burke': 1} 
imaginary {'Poetry is the art of creating imaginary gardens with real toads. -Marianne Moore': 1} 
spits {'Slang is the language which takes off its coat, spits on its hands - and goes to work. -Carl Sandburg': 1} 
use {'I feel impelled to speak today in a language that in a sense is new-one which I, who have spent so much of my life in the military profession, would have preferred never to use. That new language is the language of atomic warfare. -Dwight Eisenhower': 1, 'Happiness is the full use of your powers along lines of excellence. -John F. Kennedy': 1, 'It is by the goodness of God that, in this country, we have three benefits: freedom of speech, freedom of thought, and the wisdom never to use either. -Mark Twain': 1} 
sadder {"There's nothing sadder in this world than to awake Christmas morning and not be a child. -Erna Bombeck": 1} 
from {'Let the word go forth from this time and place, to friend and foe alike, that the torch has been passed to a new generation of Americans. -John F. Kennedy': 1, 'Just as your hand, held before the eye, can hide the tallest mountain, so this small earthly life keeps us from seeing the vast radiance that fills the core of the universe. -Nachman of Bratslav': 1, 'Success is going from failure to failure without losing enthusiasm. -Winston Churchill': 1, "What is a wedding? Webster's dictionary defines a wedding as 'the process of removing weeds from one's garden.' -Homer Simpson": 1, 'The Nation which indulges toward another an habitual hatred or an habitual fondness is in some degree a slave. It is a slave to its animosity or to its affection, either of which is sufficient to lead it astray from its duty and its interest. -George Washington': 1, 'No sooner do we depart from sense and instinct to follow reason but we are insensibly drawn into uncouth paradoxes, difficulties, and inconsistencies, which multiply and grow upon us as we advance in speculation; till at length, having wandered through many intricate mazes, we find ourselves just where we were, or, which is worse, sit down in a forlorn scepticism. -George Berkeley': 1, 'That men do not learn very much from the lessons of history is the most important of all the lessons of history. -Aldous Huxley': 1, 'Education is an admirable thing, but it is well to remember from time to time that nothing that is worth knowing can be taught. -Oscar Wilde': 1, 'As I would not be a slave, so I would not be a master. This expresses my idea of democracy. Whatever differs from this, to the extent of the difference, is no democracy. -Abraham Lincoln': 1, 'Call on God, but row away from the rocks. -Hunter S. Thompson': 1, "Every author should weigh his work and ask, 'Will humanity gain any benefit from it?' -Nachman of Bratslav": 1, 'Reason is experimental intelligence, conceived after the pattern of science, and used in the creation of social arts; it has something to do. It liberates man from the bondage of the past, due to ignorance and accident hardened into custom. It projects a better future and assists man in its realization. -John Dewey': 1, 'Every gun that is made, every warship launched, every rocket fired, signifies in the final sense a theft from those who hunger and are not fed, those who are cold and are not clothed. -Dwight Eisenhower': 1, 'I have been the artist with the longest career, and I am so proud and honoured to be chosen from heaven to be invincible. -Michael Jackson': 1, 'We are healed from suffering only by experiencing it to the full. -Marcel Proust': 1, 'People can misinterpret almost anything so that it coincides with views they already hold. They take from art what they already believe. -Stanley Kubrick': 1, 'Death is psychologically as important as birth. Shrinking away from it is something unhealthy and abnormal which robs the second half of life of its purpose. -Carl Jung': 1, 'There are no secrets to success. It is the result of preparation, hard work, and learning from failure. -Colin Powell': 1, 'You are young, my son, and, as the years go by, time will change and even reverse many of your present opinions. Refrain therefore awhile from setting yourself up as a judge of the highest matters. -Plato': 1, 'It is the madness of folly, to expect mercy from those who have refused to do justice; and even mercy, where conquest is the object, is only a trick of war; the cunning of the fox is as murderous as the violence of the wolf. -Thomas Paine': 1, 'You find out more about God from the Moral Law than from the univerise in general just as you find out more about a man by listening to his conversation than by looking at a house he has built. -C.S. Lewis': 2, 'The mystic chords of memory, stretching from every battlefield and patriot grave to every living heart and hearthstone all over this broad land, will yet swell the chorus of the Union, when again touched, as surely they will be, by the better angels of our nature. -Abraham Lincoln': 1, 'He that would make his own liberty secure, must guard even his enemy from opposition; for if he violates this duty he establishes a precedent that will reach himself. -Thomas Paine': 1, 'Laughter is the sun that drives winter from the human face. -Victor Hugo': 1, 'What we are today comes from our thoughts of yesterday and our present thoughts build our life tomorrow. Our life is the creation of our mind. -Siddhartha Buddha': 1, "Without computers, the government would be unable to function at the level of effectiveness and efficiency that we have come to expect.  This is because the primary function of the government is -- and here I am quoting directly from the U.S. Constitution -- 'to spew out paper.' -Dave Barry": 1, 'Demoralize the enemy from within by surprise, terror, sabotage, assassination. This is the war of the future. -Adolf Hitler': 1, 'There is no question that there is an unseen world. The problem is, how far is it from midtown and how late is it open? -Woody Allen': 1, "The statistics on sanity are that one out of every four Americans are suffering from some form of mental illness. Think of your three best friends. If they're okay, then it's you. -Rita Mae Brown": 1, "Thus far, the reputed idiot Bush has graduated from Yale and Harvard, made a stack of cash in the oil industry, become the first consecutive-term governor of Texas, defeated a dual-term VP for the presidency, and led his party to [November 5th's] extraordinary triumphs. Let his opponents keep calling him stupid; if they do, within five years Bush will be King of England, the Pope, and world Formula One motor racing champion. -Tim Blair": 1, 'Failure is success if we learn from it. -Malcolm Forbes': 1, 'The surface of American society is covered with a layer of democratic paint, but from time to time one can see the old aristocratic colours breaking through. -Alexis de Tocqueville': 1, 'Those who bring sunshine to the lives of others, cannot keep it from themselves. -James Matthew Barrie': 1, 'If eighty percent of your sales come from twenty percent of all of your items, just carry those twenty percent. -Henry Kissinger': 1, 'The art of being happy lies in the power of extracting happiness from common things. -Henry Ward Beecher': 1, 'Always leave something to wish for; otherwise you will be miserable from your very happiness. -Baltasar Gracian': 1, "Learning carries within itself certain dangers because out of necessity one has to learn from one's enemies. -Leon Trotsky": 1, 'The president cannot escape from his office. -Dwight Eisenhower': 1, 'There is no strength in unbelief. Even the unbelief of what is false is no source of might. It is the truth shining from behind that gives the strength to disbelieve. -George MacDonald': 1, 'Show me your hands. Do they have scars from giving? Show me your feet. Are they wounded in service? Show me your heart. Have you left a place for divine love? -Fulton J. Sheen': 1, "It is a scientific fact that your body will not absorb cholesterol if you take it from another person's plate. -Dave Barry": 1, 'By a curious confusion, many modern critics have passed from the proposition that a masterpiece may be unpopular to the other proposition that unless it is unpopular it cannot be a masterpiece. -GK Chesterton': 1, "Ah, yes, divorce...from the Latin word meaning to rip out a man's genitals through his wallet. -Robin Williams": 1, 'From the prodigious hilltops of New Hampshire, let freedom ring. From the mighty mountains of New York, let freedom ring. From the heightening Alleghenies of Pennsylvania, let freedom ring. But not only that: Let freedom ring from every hill and molehill of Mississippi. -Martin Luther King Jr.': 4, 'Nothing before had ever made me thoroughly realise, though I had read various scientific books, that science consists in grouping facts so that general laws or conclusions may be drawn from them. -Charles Darwin': 1, 'From kindergarten to graduation, I went to public schools, and I know that they are a key to being sure that every child has a chance to succeed and to rise in the world. -Dick Cheney': 1} 
figure {'PRESIDENT, n. The leading figure in a small group of men of whom \x97 and of whom only \x97 it is positively known that immense numbers of their countrymen did not want any of them for President. -Ambrose Bierce': 1, "My life has no purpose, no direction, no aim, no meaning, and yet I'm happy. I can't figure it out. What am I doing right? -Charles Schulz": 1} 
remains {'I never see what has been done; I only see what remains to be done. -Siddhartha Buddha': 1, 'The time which we have at our disposal every day is elastic; the passions we feel expand it, those that we inspire contract it, and habit fills up what remains. -Marcel Proust': 1, 'It still remains true that no justification of virtue will enable a man to be virtuous. -C.S. Lewis': 1} 
illegal {'The illegal we do immediately. The unconstitutional takes a little longer. -Henry Kissinger': 1} 
management {'The Democrats seem to be basically nicer people, but they have demonstrated time and again that they have the management skills of celery. -Dave Barry': 1} 
legalized {'Collecting more taxes than is absolutely necessary is legalized robbery. -Calvin Coolidge': 1} 
frog {'Analyzing humor is like dissecting a frog. Few people are interested and the frog dies of it. -E.B. White': 2} 
next {"The puritanism of Christianity has played havoc with the moderation that an enlightened and tolerant critical spirit would have produced. I've noticed that in whatever country, county, town, or other region there is a regulation enjoining temperance, the population seems to be entirely composed of teetotallers and drunkards. There's a Bible on that shelf there. But I keep it next to Voltaire - poison and antidote. -Bertrand Russell": 1, "What I don't like about office Christmas parties is looking for a job the next day. -Phyllis Diller": 1, 'The philosophy of one century is the common sense of the next. -Henry Ward Beecher': 1, 'In framing a government which is to be administered by men over men the great difficulty lies in this: You must first enable the government to control the governed, and in the next place, oblige it to control itself. -Alexander Hamilton': 1} 
few {'On the plus side, death is one of the few things that can be done just as easily lying down. -Woody Allen': 1, 'Some succeed by what they know; some by what they do; and a few by what they are. -Elbert Hubbard': 1, 'There are very few monsters who warrant the fear we have of them. -Andr\xe9 Gide': 1, 'Few people think more than two or three times a year. I have made an international reputation for myself by thinking once or twice a week. -George Bernard Shaw': 1, 'Thinking is the hardest work there is, which is the probable reason why so few engage in it. -Henry Ford': 1, 'A few hours of mountain climbing turn a villain and a saint into two rather equal creature. Exhaustion is the shortest way to equality and fraternity, and liberty is added eventually by sleep. -Friedrich Nietzsche': 1, 'Analyzing humor is like dissecting a frog. Few people are interested and the frog dies of it. -E.B. White': 1} 
doubt {"A man's very highest moment is, I have no doubt at all, when he kneels in the dust, and beats his breast, and tells all the sins of his life. -Oscar Wilde": 1, 'It is better to keep your mouth closed and let people think you are a fool than to open it and remove all doubt. -Mark Twain': 1, 'When in doubt, do it. -Oliver Wendell Holmes': 1, 'Just think of the tragedy of teaching children not to doubt. -Clarence Darrow': 1, 'No doubt those who really founded modern science were usually those whose love of truth exceeded their love of power. -C.S. Lewis': 1} 
fondness {'The Nation which indulges toward another an habitual hatred or an habitual fondness is in some degree a slave. It is a slave to its animosity or to its affection, either of which is sufficient to lead it astray from its duty and its interest. -George Washington': 1} 
agreeable {"Duties are not performed for duty's sake, but because their neglect would make the man uncomfortable. A man performs but one duty - the duty of contenting his spirit, the duty of making himself agreeable to himself. -Mark Twain": 1} 
themselves {'Those who bring sunshine to the lives of others, cannot keep it from themselves. -James Matthew Barrie': 1, 'Too many poets delude themselves by thinking that the mind is dangerous and must be left out. Well, the mind is dangerous and must be left in. -Robert Frost': 1, 'That the innocent, though they may have some connexion or dependency upon the guilty (which, perhaps, they themselves cannot help), should not, upon that account, suffer or be punished for the guilty, is one of the plainest and most obvious rules of justice. -Adam Smith': 1, 'As Mankind becomes more liberal, they will be more apt to allow that all those who conduct themselves as worthy members of the community are equally entitled to the protections of civil government. I hope ever to see America among the foremost nations of justice and liberality. -George Washington': 1, 'If men will not act for themselves, what will they do when the benefit of their effort is for all? -Elbert Hubbard': 1} 
historically {'The means of defense against foreign danger historically have become the instruments of tyranny at home. -James Madison': 1} 
reflects {'There is nothing funny about Halloween. This sarcastic festival reflects, rather, an infernal demand for revenge by children on the adult world. -Jean Baudrillard': 1} 
deepest {"Why are people's ''deepest desires'' always so shallow? -Author Unknown": 1} 
sort {'Life is no brief candle to me. It is a sort of splendid torch which I have got a hold of for the moment, and I want to make it burn as brightly as possible before handing it onto future generations. -George Bernard Shaw': 1, 'Surely what a man does when he is caught off his guard is the best evidence as to what sort of man he is. -C.S. Lewis': 1} 
started {"To me, clowns aren't funny. In fact, they're kinda scary. I've wondered where this started, and I think it goes back to the time I went to the circus and a clown killed my dad. -Jack Handey": 1, 'I have never started a poem yet whose end I knew. Writing a poem is discovering. -Robert Frost': 1} 
becomes {'As soon as one is unhappy one becomes moral. -Marcel Proust': 1, 'As Mankind becomes more liberal, they will be more apt to allow that all those who conduct themselves as worthy members of the community are equally entitled to the protections of civil government. I hope ever to see America among the foremost nations of justice and liberality. -George Washington': 1} 
sun tzu {'This does not mean that the enemy is to be allowed to escape. The object is to make him believe that there is a road to safety, and thus prevent his fighting with the courage of despair. After that, you may crush him. -Sun Tzu': 1} 
sore {'Self-denial is the shining sore on the leprous body of Christianity. -Oscar Wilde': 1} 
carrying {"Is there anything more beautiful than a beautiful, beautiful flamingo, flying across in front of a beautiful sunset? And he's carrying a beautiful rose in his beak, and also he's carrying a very beautiful painting with his feet. And also, you're drunk. -Jack Handey": 2} 
hailstorm {"Being president is like being a jackass in a hailstorm. There's nothing to do but stand there and take it. -Lyndon B. Johnson": 1} 
ashamed {'Every decent man is ashamed of the government he lives under. -Henry Mencken': 1} 
baby {"What is it that makes a complete stranger dive into an icy river to save a solid-gold baby? Maybe we'll never know. -Jack Handey": 1} 
procuring {'Such is the delicacy of man alone, that no object is produced to his liking. He finds that in everything there is need for improvement. The whole industry of human life is employed not in procuring the supply of our three humble necessities, food, clothes and lodging, but in procuring the conveniences of it according to the nicety and delicacy of our tastes. -Adam Smith': 2} 
departure {'The hour of departure has arrived, and we go our ways - I to die, and you to live. Which is better God only knows. -Plato': 1} 
circle {"We all wish to be judged by our peers, by the men 'after our own heart.' Only they really know our mind and only they judge it by standards we fully acknowledge. Theirs is the praise we really covet and the blame we really dread. The little pockets of early Chrstians survived because they cared exclusively for the love of 'the bretheren' and stopped their ears to the opinion of the Pagan society around them. But a circle of criminals, cranks, or perverts survives in just the same way; by becoming deaf to the opinion of the outer world, by discounting it as the chatter of outsiders who 'don't understand,' of the 'conventional,' the 'bourgeois,' the 'Establishment,' of prigs, prudes, and humbugs. -C.S. Lewis": 1} 
women {'Men marry because they are tired; women because they are curious. Both are disappointed. -Oscar Wilde': 1, "You know, there's a million fine looking women in the world, dude. But they don't all bring you lasagna at work. Most of 'em just cheat on you. -Kevin Smith": 1, 'Men marry to make an end; women to make a beginning. -Alexis Dupuy': 1, 'Women are the only realists; their whole object in life is to pit their realism against the extravagant, excessive, and occasionally drunken idealism of men. -GK Chesterton': 1, 'Feminism was established to allow unattractive women easier access to the mainstream. -Rush Limbaugh': 1, 'Men have always been afraid that women could get along without them. -Margaret Mead': 1, 'Women need a reason to have sex -- men just need a place. -Billy Crystal': 1} 
majority {'In politics, an organized minority is a political majority. -Jesse Jackson': 1, "It does not require a majority to prevail, but rather an irate, tireless minority keen to set brush fires in people's minds. -Samuel Adams": 1} 
account {'On account of being a democracy and run by the people, we are the only nation in the world that has to keep a government four years, no matter what it does. -Will Rogers': 1, "I have come to the conclusion that my subjective account of my motivation is largely mythical on almost all occasions. I don't know why I do things. -J.B.S. Haldane": 1, 'That the innocent, though they may have some connexion or dependency upon the guilty (which, perhaps, they themselves cannot help), should not, upon that account, suffer or be punished for the guilty, is one of the plainest and most obvious rules of justice. -Adam Smith': 1, 'Errors of haste are seldom committed singly. The first time a man always does too much. And precisely on that account he commits a second error, and then he does too little. -Friedrich Nietzsche': 1} 
balls {"As a woman, I find it very embarrassing to be in a meeting and realize I'm the only one in the room with balls. -Rita Mae Brown": 1} 
h.g. wells {'Moral indignation is jealousy with a halo. -H.G. Wells': 1} 
oliver wendell holmes {'Chicago sounds rough to the maker of verse. One comfort we have: Cincinnati sounds worse. -Oliver Wendell Holmes': 1, 'Love is the master key which opens the gates of happiness. -Oliver Wendell Holmes': 1, 'Life is a fatal complaint, and an eminently contagious one. -Oliver Wendell Holmes': 1, "The right to swing my fist ends where the other man's nose begins. -Oliver Wendell Holmes": 1, 'When in doubt, do it. -Oliver Wendell Holmes': 1, 'The greatest thing in this world is not so much where we are, but in what direction we are moving. -Oliver Wendell Holmes': 1, 'Old age is fifteen years older than I am. -Oliver Wendell Holmes': 1, 'If there is any principle of the Constitution that more imperatively calls for attachment than any other it is the principle of free thought, not free thought for those who agree with us but freedom for the thought that we hate. -Oliver Wendell Holmes': 1, 'A mind that is stretched by a new experience can never go back to its old dimensions. -Oliver Wendell Holmes': 1} 
this {'Let the word go forth from this time and place, to friend and foe alike, that the torch has been passed to a new generation of Americans. -John F. Kennedy': 1, 'There is a theory which states that if ever anyone discovers exactly what the Universe is for and why it is here, it will instantly disappear and be replaced by something even more bizarre and inexplicable. There is another theory which states that this has already happened. -Douglas Adams': 1, 'Just as your hand, held before the eye, can hide the tallest mountain, so this small earthly life keeps us from seeing the vast radiance that fills the core of the universe. -Nachman of Bratslav': 1, 'The mystic chords of memory, stretching from every battlefield and patriot grave to every living heart and hearthstone all over this broad land, will yet swell the chorus of the Union, when again touched, as surely they will be, by the better angels of our nature. -Abraham Lincoln': 1, "I've had a wonderful time, but this wasn't it. -Groucho Marx": 1, 'This moment contains all moments. -C.S. Lewis': 1, 'In framing a government which is to be administered by men over men the great difficulty lies in this: You must first enable the government to control the governed, and in the next place, oblige it to control itself. -Alexander Hamilton': 1, 'It has been said that man is a rational animal. All my life I have been searching for evidence which could support this. -Bertrand Russell': 1, 'There is nothing funny about Halloween. This sarcastic festival reflects, rather, an infernal demand for revenge by children on the adult world. -Jean Baudrillard': 1, 'As I would not be a slave, so I would not be a master. This expresses my idea of democracy. Whatever differs from this, to the extent of the difference, is no democracy. -Abraham Lincoln': 2, "To me, clowns aren't funny. In fact, they're kinda scary. I've wondered where this started, and I think it goes back to the time I went to the circus and a clown killed my dad. -Jack Handey": 1, 'Humility is the foundation of all the other virtues hence, in the soul in which this virtue does not exist there cannot be any other virtue except in mere appearance. -Saint Augustine': 1, 'The greatest thing in this world is not so much where we are, but in what direction we are moving. -Oliver Wendell Holmes': 1, 'If tyranny and oppression come to this land, it will be in the guise of fighting a foreign enemy. -James Madison': 1, 'In the beginning, the universe was created. This made a lot of people very angry, and has been widely regarded as a bad idea. -Douglas Adams': 1, "This is slavery, not to speak one's thought. -Euripides": 1, 'Love yourself first and everything else falls into line. You really have to love yourself to get anything done in this world. -Lucille Ball': 1, 'This will never be a civilized country until we expend more money for books than we do for chewing gum. -Elbert Hubbard': 1, 'Whatever affects one directly, affects all indirectly. I can never be what I ought to be until you are what you ought to be. This is the interrelated structure of reality. -Martin Luther King Jr.': 1, 'It is your mind that creates this world. -Siddhartha Buddha': 1, 'This country was built on rape, slavery, murder, degradation and affiliation with crime. -Mike Tyson': 1, 'He that would make his own liberty secure, must guard even his enemy from opposition; for if he violates this duty he establishes a precedent that will reach himself. -Thomas Paine': 1, 'Alexander, Caesar, Charlemagne, and myself founded empires; but what foundation did we rest the creations of our genius? Upon force. Jesus Christ founded an empire upon love; and at this hour millions of men would die for Him. -Napoleon Bonaparte': 1, "There's nothing sadder in this world than to awake Christmas morning and not be a child. -Erna Bombeck": 1, 'He therefore is the truest friend to the liberty of this country who tries most to promote its virtue, and who, so far as his power and influence extend, will not suffer a man to be chosen into any office of power and trust who is not a wise and virtuous man. -Samuel Adams': 1, "You give me a credit to which I have no claim in calling me 'the writer of the Constitution of the United States.' This was not, like the fabled Goddess of Wisdom, the offspring of a single brain. It ought to be regarded as the work of many heads and many hands. -James Madison": 1, 'Demoralize the enemy from within by surprise, terror, sabotage, assassination. This is the war of the future. -Adolf Hitler': 1, "Without computers, the government would be unable to function at the level of effectiveness and efficiency that we have come to expect.  This is because the primary function of the government is -- and here I am quoting directly from the U.S. Constitution -- 'to spew out paper.' -Dave Barry": 1, 'A Native American elder once described his own inner struggles in this manner: Inside of me there are two dogs. One of the dogs is mean and evil. The other dog is good. The mean dog fights the good dog all the time. When asked which dog wins, he reflected. -George Bernard Shaw': 1, "The function of RAM is to give us guys a way of deciding whose computer has the biggest, studliest, most tumescent MEMORY. This is important, because with today's complex software, the more memory a computer has, the faster it can produce error messages. So the bottom line is, if you're a guy, you cannot have enough RAM. -Dave Barry": 1, "When this girl at the museum asked me who I liked better, Monet or Manet, I said, 'I like mayonnaise.' She just stared at me, so I said it again, louder. Then she left. I guess she went to try to find some mayonnaise for me. -Jack Handey": 1, 'This does not mean that the enemy is to be allowed to escape. The object is to make him believe that there is a road to safety, and thus prevent his fighting with the courage of despair. After that, you may crush him. -Sun Tzu': 1, 'The United States stands at the pinnacle of world power. This is a solemn moment for the American democracy. For with primacy in power is joined an awe-inspiring accountability for the future. -Winston Churchill': 1, 'It is by the goodness of God that, in this country, we have three benefits: freedom of speech, freedom of thought, and the wisdom never to use either. -Mark Twain': 1, 'I made this letter longer than usual because I lack the time to make it short. -Blaise Pascal': 1, 'I believe this government cannot endure permanently half slave and half free. -Abraham Lincoln': 1, 'I arrive at the end of this review having done my duty as a critic. I have described the movie accurately and you have a good idea what you are in for if you go to see it. Most of you will not. I cannot argue with you. Some of you will--the brave and the curious. You embody the spirit of the man who first wondered what it would taste like to eat an oyster. -Roger Ebert': 1, 'To know what is impenetrable to us really exists, manifesting itself as the highest wisdom and the most radiant beauty...this knowledge, this feeling is at the center of true religiousness. -Albert Einstein': 2, "This is the second most exciting indoor sport, and the other one shouldn't have spectators. -Dick Vertleib": 1, 'The thing we all have to understand to put these last two years in focus, is that liberals in this country care more about whether European leaders like us than they do about whether terrorists are killing us. -Rush Limbaugh': 1, 'The MPAA rates this PG-13. It is too vulgar for anyone under 13, and too dumb for anyone over 13. -Roger Ebert': 1, 'Three grand essentials to happiness in this life are something to do, something to love, and something to hope for. -Joseph Addison': 1, 'To you taxpayers out there, let me say this: Make sure you file your tax return on time! And remember that, even though income taxes can be a \x93pain in the neck,\x94 the folks at the IRS are regular people just like you, except that they can destroy your life. -Dave Barry': 1, 'The covers of this book are too far apart. -Ambrose Bierce': 1, 'Experience proves this, or that, or nothing, according to the preconceptions we bring to it. -C.S. Lewis': 1, 'Trust the people. This is the one irrefutable lesson of the entire postwar period contradicting the notion that rigid government controls are essential to economic development. -Ronald Reagan': 1} 
lapse {"No distance of place or lapse of time can lessen the friendship of those who are thoroughly persuaded of each other's worth. -Robert Southey": 1} 
when {"To me, it's always a good idea to always carry two sacks of something when you walk around. That way, if anybody says, 'Hey, can you give me a hand?,' you can say, 'Sorry, got these sacks.' -Jack Handey": 1, 'It is the dissimilarities and inequalities among men which give rise to the notion of honor; as such differences become less, it grows feeble; and when they disappear, it will vanish too. -Alexis de Tocqueville': 1, 'We live in an age when unnecessary things are our only necessities. -Oscar Wilde': 1, "A University of Chicago professor said the greatest day in the world was when a water puppy crawled out on land and decided to stay. The water puppy, he said, went on to become a man. If he proves that, I am willing to give up Christmas, Thanksgiving, and New Year's Day, and to celebrate Water Puppy Day. -William Jennings Bryan": 1, "Many of life's failures are people who did not realize how close they were to success when they gave up. -Thomas Edison": 1, 'Indeed, man wishes to be happy even when he so lives as to make happiness impossible. -Saint Augustine': 1, "Happiness is so hard to define and foolish to define. Am I acting? That's the worst thing you can ask yourself. You can be happy suddenly. It can spring on you, not when you reach a plateau. You can be happy going backward or going down. You can be happy at the loss of something. -Steve Martin": 1, "I once said cynically of a politician, 'He'll doublecross that bridge when he comes to it.' -Oscar Levant": 1, 'When you work seven days a week, fourteen hours a day, you get lucky. -Armand Hammer': 1, "When you stop giving and offering something to the rest of the world, it's time to turn out the lights. -George Burns": 1, 'God does not give heed to the ambitiousness of our prayers, because he is always ready to give to us his light, not a visible light but an intellectual and spiritual one; but we are not always ready to receive it when we turn aside and down to other things out of a desire for temporal things. -Saint Augustine': 1, 'Remember when safe sex meant not getting caught? -Author Unknown': 1, 'I hope that when you are my age, you will be able to say as I have been able to say: We lived in freedom. We lived lives that were a statement, not an apology. -Ronald Reagan': 1, 'Experts tell us that if the Millennium Bug is not fixed, when the year 2000 arrives, our financial records will be inaccurate, our telephone system will be unreliable, our government will be paralyzed and airline flights will be canceled without warning. In other words, things will be pretty much the same as they are now. -Dave Barry': 1, "I like to say that I'm bisexual...when I want sex, I buy it. -Boy George": 1, 'Life does not cease to be funny when people die any more than it ceases to be serious when people laugh. -George Bernard Shaw': 2, 'When an American says that he loves his country, he means not only that he loves the New England hills, the prairies glistening in the sun, the wide and rising plains, the great mountains, and the sea. He means that he loves an inner air, an inner light in which freedom lives and in which a man can draw the breath of self-respect. -Adlai Stevenson': 1, "Middle age is when you've met so many people that every new person you meet reminds you of someone else. -Ogden Nash": 1, "You can't depend on your eyes when your imagination is out of focus. -Mark Twain": 1, 'Certain thoughts are prayers. There are moments when, whatever be the attitude of the body, the soul is on its knees. -Victor Hugo': 1, "When we're unemployed, we're called lazy; when the whites are unemployed it's called a depression. -Jesse Jackson": 2, 'When in doubt, do it. -Oliver Wendell Holmes': 1, "Reality is that which, when you stop believing in it, doesn't go away. -Phillip K. Dick": 1, 'When you have the facts on your side, argue the facts. When you have the law on your side, argue the law. When you have neither, holler. -Al Gore': 3, 'True wisdom comes to each of us when we realize how little we understand about life, ourselves, and the world around us. -Socrates': 1, 'Avoid the base hypocrisy of condemning in one man what you pass over in silence when committed by another. -Theodore Roosevelt': 1, "When you're through changing, you're through. -Bruce Barton": 1, 'When we die, our bodies are buried. When we live, our souls are buried. -Jason Mechalek': 2, 'If men will not act for themselves, what will they do when the benefit of their effort is for all? -Elbert Hubbard': 1, "A man's very highest moment is, I have no doubt at all, when he kneels in the dust, and beats his breast, and tells all the sins of his life. -Oscar Wilde": 1, 'A word is dead when it is said, some say. I say it just begins to live that day. -Emily Dickinson': 1, "When they call the roll in the Senate, the Senators do not know whether to answer 'Present' or 'Not guilty.' -Theodore Roosevelt": 1, 'The mystic chords of memory, stretching from every battlefield and patriot grave to every living heart and hearthstone all over this broad land, will yet swell the chorus of the Union, when again touched, as surely they will be, by the better angels of our nature. -Abraham Lincoln': 1, 'When I took office, only high energy physicists had ever heard of what is called the Worldwide Web....now even my cat has its own page. -Bill Clinton': 1, 'Take time to deliberate, but when the time for action has arrived, stop thinking and go in. -Napoleon Bonaparte': 1, 'Being is desirable because it is identical with Beauty, and Beauty is loved because it is Being. We ourselves possess Beauty when we are true to our own being; ugliness is in going over to another order; knowing ourselves, we are beautiful; in self-ignorance, we are ugly. -Ambrose Bierce': 1, "When we got into office, the thing that surprised me the most was that things were as bad as we'd been saying they were. -John F. Kennedy": 1, 'A Native American elder once described his own inner struggles in this manner: Inside of me there are two dogs. One of the dogs is mean and evil. The other dog is good. The mean dog fights the good dog all the time. When asked which dog wins, he reflected. -George Bernard Shaw': 1, "When this girl at the museum asked me who I liked better, Monet or Manet, I said, 'I like mayonnaise.' She just stared at me, so I said it again, louder. Then she left. I guess she went to try to find some mayonnaise for me. -Jack Handey": 1, "Having someone wonder where you are when you don't come home at night is a very old human need. -Margaret Mead": 1, "You know you're getting old when the candles cost more than the cake. -Bob Hope": 1, 'When angry, count ten before you speak; if very angry, a hundred. -Thomas Jefferson': 1, 'When nothing seems to help, I go and look at a stonecutter hammering away at his rock perhaps a hundred times without as much as a crack showing in it. Yet at the hundred and first blow it will split in two, and I know it was not that blow that did it, but all that had gone before. -Jacob August Riis': 1, 'Surely what a man does when he is caught off his guard is the best evidence as to what sort of man he is. -C.S. Lewis': 1, 'A man is never more truthful than when he acknowledges himself a liar. -Mark Twain': 1, 'Beauty is all very well at first sight; but whoever looks at it when it has been in the house three days? -George Bernard Shaw': 1, "Don't let people drive you crazy when you know it's in walking distance. -Author Unknown": 1, 'The significant problems we face cannot be solved at the same level of thinking we were at when we created them. -Albert Einstein': 1, "The movie's director is the pilot. It's his vision. For an actor, the time to worry about flying is when you're on the ground. If you don't want to fly with the director, don't get on the plane. -Denzel Washington": 1, "Christmas is a time when you get homesick, even when you're home. -Carol Nelson": 2, 'Rhis is to be asserted in general of men: that they are ungrateful, fickle, false, cowardly, covetous, and as long as you succeed, are yours entirely; they will offer you their blood, property, life, and children...when the need is far distant; but when it approaches, they will turn against you. -Nicolo Machiavelli': 2, 'When the human race has once acquired a supersitition nothing short of death is ever likely to remove it. -Mark Twain': 1, 'Experience is that marvelous thing that enables you to recognize a mistake when you make it again. -Franklin Jones': 1, 'It is hard to believe that a man is telling the truth when you know that you would lie if you were in his place. -Henry Mencken': 1, 'Cooking was invented in prehistoric times, when a primitive tribe had a lucky accident. The tribe had killed an animal and was going to eat it raw, when a tribe member named Woog tripped and dropped it into the fire. At first the other tribe members were angry at Woog, but then, as the aroma of burning meat filled the air, they had an idea. So they ate Woog raw. -Dave Barry': 2, 'Let us not forget that the cultivation of the earth is the most important labor of man. When tillage begins, other arts will follow. The farmers, therefore, are the founders of civilization. -Daniel Webster': 1, "When I see a play and understand it the first time, then I know it can't be much good. -T.S. Eliot": 1, 'The worst moment for the athieist is when he feels thankful and has no one to thank. -Dante Gabriel Rossetti': 1, 'Fanaticism consists of redoubling your efforts when you have forgotten your aim. -George Santayana': 1, 'Life is anything that dies when you stomp on it. -Dave Barry': 1, "All I want out of life, is that when I walk down the street folks will say, 'There goes the greatest hitter that ever lived.' -Ted Williams": 1, 'There is luxury in self-reproach. When we blame ourselves, we feel no one else has a right to blame us. -Oscar Wilde': 1, 'If you will not fight for the right when you can easily win without bloodshed; if you will not fight when your victory will be sure and not too costly; you may come to the moment when you will have to fight with all the odds against you and only a small chance of survival. There may even be a worse case: you may have to fight when there is no hope of victory, because it is better to perish than to live as slaves. -Winston Churchill': 4, 'That is the true season of love, when we believe that we alone can love, that no one could ever have loved so before us, and that no one will love in the same way after us. -Johann Wolfgang von Goethe': 1, 'Opera is when a guy gets stabbed in the back and, instead of bleeding, he sings. -Ed Gardner': 1, 'A great deal of intelligence can be invested in ignorance when the need for illusion is deep. -Saul Bellow': 1} 
ram {"The function of RAM is to give us guys a way of deciding whose computer has the biggest, studliest, most tumescent MEMORY. This is important, because with today's complex software, the more memory a computer has, the faster it can produce error messages. So the bottom line is, if you're a guy, you cannot have enough RAM. -Dave Barry": 2} 
disbelieve {'There is no strength in unbelief. Even the unbelief of what is false is no source of might. It is the truth shining from behind that gives the strength to disbelieve. -George MacDonald': 1} 
midtown {'There is no question that there is an unseen world. The problem is, how far is it from midtown and how late is it open? -Woody Allen': 1} 
george carlin {"There's no present. There's only the immediate future and the recent past. -George Carlin": 1, "I think it's the duty of the comedian to find out where the line is drawn and cross it deliberately. -George Carlin": 1} 
exhilaration {'Accept the challenges so that you can feel the exhilaration of victory. -George Patton': 1} 
anywhere {"I'm the type who'd be happy not going anywhere as long as I was sure I knew exactly what was happening at the places I wasn't going to. I'm the type who'd like to sit home and watch every party that I'm invited to on a monitor in my bedroom. -Andy Warhol": 1, 'True patriotism hates injustice in its own land more than anywhere else. -Clarence Darrow': 1} 
obvious {'That the innocent, though they may have some connexion or dependency upon the guilty (which, perhaps, they themselves cannot help), should not, upon that account, suffer or be punished for the guilty, is one of the plainest and most obvious rules of justice. -Adam Smith': 1} 
praise {"To find out a girl's faults, praise her to her girl friends. -Benjamin Franklin": 1, "We all wish to be judged by our peers, by the men 'after our own heart.' Only they really know our mind and only they judge it by standards we fully acknowledge. Theirs is the praise we really covet and the blame we really dread. The little pockets of early Chrstians survived because they cared exclusively for the love of 'the bretheren' and stopped their ears to the opinion of the Pagan society around them. But a circle of criminals, cranks, or perverts survives in just the same way; by becoming deaf to the opinion of the outer world, by discounting it as the chatter of outsiders who 'don't understand,' of the 'conventional,' the 'bourgeois,' the 'Establishment,' of prigs, prudes, and humbugs. -C.S. Lewis": 1} 
freedom {'When an American says that he loves his country, he means not only that he loves the New England hills, the prairies glistening in the sun, the wide and rising plains, the great mountains, and the sea. He means that he loves an inner air, an inner light in which freedom lives and in which a man can draw the breath of self-respect. -Adlai Stevenson': 1, 'Most modern freedom is at root fear. It is not so much that we are too bold to endure rules; it is rather that we are too timid to endure responsibilities. -GK Chesterton': 1, 'Freedom is nothing else but a chance to be better. -Albert Camus': 1, 'Freedom is not something that anybody can be given; freedom is something people take and people are as free as they want to be. -James Baldwin': 2, 'From the prodigious hilltops of New Hampshire, let freedom ring. From the mighty mountains of New York, let freedom ring. From the heightening Alleghenies of Pennsylvania, let freedom ring. But not only that: Let freedom ring from every hill and molehill of Mississippi. -Martin Luther King Jr.': 4, 'Freedom is the right to question and change the established way of doing things. It is the continuous revolution of the marketplace. It is the understanding that allows us to recognize shortcomings and seek solutions. -Ronald Reagan': 1, 'I believe the highest aspiration of man should be individual freedom and the development of the individual. -Ronald Reagan': 1, 'The cost of freedom is always high, but Americans have always paid it. And one path we shall never choose, and that is the path of surrender, or submission. -John F. Kennedy': 1, 'History does not long entrust the care of freedom to the weak or the timid. -Dwight Eisenhower': 1, 'If society fits you comfortably enough, you call it freedom. -Robert Frost': 1, 'It is by the goodness of God that, in this country, we have three benefits: freedom of speech, freedom of thought, and the wisdom never to use either. -Mark Twain': 2, 'There is only one force of history that can break the reign of hatred and resentment, and expose the pretensions of tyrants, and reward the hopes of the decent and tolerant, and that is the force of human freedom. -George W. Bush': 1, 'If there is any principle of the Constitution that more imperatively calls for attachment than any other it is the principle of free thought, not free thought for those who agree with us but freedom for the thought that we hate. -Oliver Wendell Holmes': 1, 'I hope that when you are my age, you will be able to say as I have been able to say: We lived in freedom. We lived lives that were a statement, not an apology. -Ronald Reagan': 1, 'Americans are so enamored of equality, they would rather be equal in slavery than unequal in freedom. -Alexis de Tocqueville': 1, 'Those who expect to reap the blessings of freedom must, like men, undergo the fatigue of supporting it. -Thomas Paine': 1, 'Freedom is never voluntarily given by the oppressor; it must be demanded by the oppressed. -Martin Luther King Jr.': 1} 
industrial {'In the councils of government, we must guard against the acquisition of unwarranted influence, whether sought or unsought, by the military-industrial complex. -Dwight Eisenhower': 1} 
meet {"Middle age is when you've met so many people that every new person you meet reminds you of someone else. -Ogden Nash": 1} 
coffin {'Love anything and your heart will be wrung and possibly broken. If you want to make sure of keeping it intact you must give it to no one, not even an animal. Wrap it carefully round with hobbies and little luxuries; avoid all entanglements. Lock it up safe in the casket or coffin of your selfishness. But in that casket, safe, dark, motionless, airless, it will change. It will not be broken; it will become unbreakable, impenetrable, irredeemable. To love is to be vulnerable. -C.S. Lewis': 1} 
dropped {'Cooking was invented in prehistoric times, when a primitive tribe had a lucky accident. The tribe had killed an animal and was going to eat it raw, when a tribe member named Woog tripped and dropped it into the fire. At first the other tribe members were angry at Woog, but then, as the aroma of burning meat filled the air, they had an idea. So they ate Woog raw. -Dave Barry': 1} 
control {"What a man's mind can create, man's character can control. -Thomas Edison": 1, "If everything seems under control, you're just not going fast enough. -Mario Andretti": 1, 'In framing a government which is to be administered by men over men the great difficulty lies in this: You must first enable the government to control the governed, and in the next place, oblige it to control itself. -Alexander Hamilton': 2} 
jesse owens {'For a time, at least, I was the most famous person in the entire world. -Jesse Owens': 1} 
plate {'Fame is a fickle food upon a shifting plate. -Emily Dickinson': 1, "It is a scientific fact that your body will not absorb cholesterol if you take it from another person's plate. -Dave Barry": 1} 
process {'In the long run, we shape our lives and we shape ourselves. The process never ends until we die, and the choices that we make are ultimately our responsibility. -Eleanor Roosevelt': 1, "What is a wedding? Webster's dictionary defines a wedding as 'the process of removing weeds from one's garden.' -Homer Simpson": 1, 'The aging process has you firmly in its grasp if you never get the urge to throw a snowball. -Doug Larson': 1, "Mothers all want their sons to grow up to be president, but they don't want them to become politicians in the process. -John F. Kennedy": 1} 
lock {'Love anything and your heart will be wrung and possibly broken. If you want to make sure of keeping it intact you must give it to no one, not even an animal. Wrap it carefully round with hobbies and little luxuries; avoid all entanglements. Lock it up safe in the casket or coffin of your selfishness. But in that casket, safe, dark, motionless, airless, it will change. It will not be broken; it will become unbreakable, impenetrable, irredeemable. To love is to be vulnerable. -C.S. Lewis': 1} 
halloween {"A grandmother pretends she doesn't know who you are on Halloween. -Erna Bombeck": 1, 'There is nothing funny about Halloween. This sarcastic festival reflects, rather, an infernal demand for revenge by children on the adult world. -Jean Baudrillard': 1} 
pieces {'America is not like a blanket: one piece of unbroken cloth, the same color, the same texture, the same size. America is more like a quilt: many patches, many pieces, many colors, many sizes, all woven and held together by a common thread. -Jesse Jackson': 1} 
high {'The cost of freedom is always high, but Americans have always paid it. And one path we shall never choose, and that is the path of surrender, or submission. -John F. Kennedy': 1, 'Even peace may be purchased at too high a price. -Benjamin Franklin': 1, 'When I took office, only high energy physicists had ever heard of what is called the Worldwide Web....now even my cat has its own page. -Bill Clinton': 1} 
villain {'A few hours of mountain climbing turn a villain and a saint into two rather equal creature. Exhaustion is the shortest way to equality and fraternity, and liberty is added eventually by sleep. -Friedrich Nietzsche': 1} 
policing {'The act of policing is, in order to punish less often, to punish more severely. -Napoleon Bonaparte': 1} 
something {'There is a theory which states that if ever anyone discovers exactly what the Universe is for and why it is here, it will instantly disappear and be replaced by something even more bizarre and inexplicable. There is another theory which states that this has already happened. -Douglas Adams': 1, 'Through pride we are ever deceiving ourselves. But deep down below the surface of the average conscience a still, small voice says to us, something is out of tune. -Carl Jung': 1, 'Always leave something to wish for; otherwise you will be miserable from your very happiness. -Baltasar Gracian': 1, 'Freedom is not something that anybody can be given; freedom is something people take and people are as free as they want to be. -James Baldwin': 2, "I think computer viruses should count as life. I think it says something about human nature that the only form of life we have created so far is purely destructive. We've created life in our own image. -Stephen Hawking": 1, 'Reason is experimental intelligence, conceived after the pattern of science, and used in the creation of social arts; it has something to do. It liberates man from the bondage of the past, due to ignorance and accident hardened into custom. It projects a better future and assists man in its realization. -John Dewey': 1, "To me, it's always a good idea to always carry two sacks of something when you walk around. That way, if anybody says, 'Hey, can you give me a hand?,' you can say, 'Sorry, got these sacks.' -Jack Handey": 1, "Happiness is so hard to define and foolish to define. Am I acting? That's the worst thing you can ask yourself. You can be happy suddenly. It can spring on you, not when you reach a plateau. You can be happy going backward or going down. You can be happy at the loss of something. -Steve Martin": 1, "When you stop giving and offering something to the rest of the world, it's time to turn out the lights. -George Burns": 1, 'Three grand essentials to happiness in this life are something to do, something to love, and something to hope for. -Joseph Addison': 3, 'Death is psychologically as important as birth. Shrinking away from it is something unhealthy and abnormal which robs the second half of life of its purpose. -Carl Jung': 1, "You cannot go on 'explaining away' for ever: you will find that you have explained explanation itself away. You cannot go on 'seeing through' things for ever. The whole point of seeing through something is to see something through it. -C.S. Lewis": 2, 'Either write something worth reading or do something worth writing. -Benjamin Franklin': 2, 'I honestly think it is better to be a failure at something you love than to be a success at something you hate. -George Burns': 2, 'All good art is about something deeper than it admits. -Roger Ebert': 1, 'Those who believe they are exclusively in the right are generally those who achieve something. -Aldous Huxley': 1, 'One definition of an economist is somebody who sees something happen in practice and wonders if it will work in theory. -Ronald Reagan': 1} 
employs {'If a man is proud of his wealth, he should not be praised until it is known how he employs it. -Socrates': 1} 
sought {'In the councils of government, we must guard against the acquisition of unwarranted influence, whether sought or unsought, by the military-industrial complex. -Dwight Eisenhower': 1} 
rape {'This country was built on rape, slavery, murder, degradation and affiliation with crime. -Mike Tyson': 1} 
native {'A Native American elder once described his own inner struggles in this manner: Inside of me there are two dogs. One of the dogs is mean and evil. The other dog is good. The mean dog fights the good dog all the time. When asked which dog wins, he reflected. -George Bernard Shaw': 1, 'Some of your countrymen were unable to distinguish between their native dislike for war and the stainless patriotism of those who suffered its scars. But there has been a rethinking and now we can say to you, and say as a nation, thank you for your courage. -Ronald Reagan': 1} 
united {'No easy problem ever comes to the President of the United States. If they are easy to solve, somebody else has solved them. -John F. Kennedy': 1, 'There is hardly a political question in the United States which does not sooner or later turn into a judicial one. -Alexis de Tocqueville': 1, 'The United States stands at the pinnacle of world power. This is a solemn moment for the American democracy. For with primacy in power is joined an awe-inspiring accountability for the future. -Winston Churchill': 1, "You give me a credit to which I have no claim in calling me 'the writer of the Constitution of the United States.' This was not, like the fabled Goddess of Wisdom, the offspring of a single brain. It ought to be regarded as the work of many heads and many hands. -James Madison": 1, 'If the United Nations once admits that international disputes can be settled by using force, then we will have destroyed the foundation of the organization and our best hope of establishing a world order. -Dwight Eisenhower': 1} 
democracy {"There cannot be true democracy unless women's voices are heard. -Hillary Clinton": 1, 'As I would not be a slave, so I would not be a master. This expresses my idea of democracy. Whatever differs from this, to the extent of the difference, is no democracy. -Abraham Lincoln': 2, 'You know what the fellow said: In Italy for thirty years under the Borgias they had warfare, terror, murder, and bloodshed, but they produced Michaelangelo, Leonardo Da Vinci, and the Renaissance. In Switzerland, they had brotherly love--they had five hundred years of democracy and peace, and what did they produce? The cuckoo clock. -Orson Welles': 1, 'On account of being a democracy and run by the people, we are the only nation in the world that has to keep a government four years, no matter what it does. -Will Rogers': 1, "Democracy means that anyone can grow up to be president, and anyone who doesn't grow up can be vice president. -Johnny Carson": 1, 'The United States stands at the pinnacle of world power. This is a solemn moment for the American democracy. For with primacy in power is joined an awe-inspiring accountability for the future. -Winston Churchill': 1, 'Deliberation and debate is the way you stir the soul of our democracy. -Jesse Jackson': 1, 'What is the most important for democracy is not that great fortunes should not exist, but that great fortunes should not remain in the same hands. In that way there are rich men, but they do not form a class. -Alexis de Tocqueville': 1} 
sit {'No sooner do we depart from sense and instinct to follow reason but we are insensibly drawn into uncouth paradoxes, difficulties, and inconsistencies, which multiply and grow upon us as we advance in speculation; till at length, having wandered through many intricate mazes, we find ourselves just where we were, or, which is worse, sit down in a forlorn scepticism. -George Berkeley': 1, "I'm the type who'd be happy not going anywhere as long as I was sure I knew exactly what was happening at the places I wasn't going to. I'm the type who'd like to sit home and watch every party that I'm invited to on a monitor in my bedroom. -Andy Warhol": 1, 'The greatest monarch on the proudest throne is obliged to sit upon his own arse. -Benjamin Franklin': 1, "If you could kick the person in the pants responsible for most of your trouble, you wouldn't sit for a month. -Theodore Roosevelt": 1, 'Four-fifths of all our troubles would disappear, if we would only sit down and keep still. -Calvin Coolidge': 1, "I love argument, I love debate. I don't expect anyone just to sit there and agree with me, that's not their job. -Margaret Thatcher": 1} 
holds {'Cast your cares on God; that anchor holds. -Frank Moore Colby': 1} 
poetry {'If a man is called to be a streetsweeper, he should sweep streets even as Michelangelo painted, or Beethoven composed music, or Shakespeare wrote poetry. He should sweep streets so well that all the host of heaven and earth will pause to say, here lived a great streetsweeper who did his job well. -Martin Luther King Jr.': 1, 'If I feel physically as if the top of my head were taken off, I know that is poetry. -Emily Dickinson': 1, 'Poetry is the art of creating imaginary gardens with real toads. -Marianne Moore': 1} 
hampshire {'From the prodigious hilltops of New Hampshire, let freedom ring. From the mighty mountains of New York, let freedom ring. From the heightening Alleghenies of Pennsylvania, let freedom ring. But not only that: Let freedom ring from every hill and molehill of Mississippi. -Martin Luther King Jr.': 1} 
delay {'You may delay, but time will not. -Benjamin Franklin': 1} 
responsibilities {'We have the Bill of Rights. What we need is a Bill of Responsibilities. -Bill Maher': 1, 'Most modern freedom is at root fear. It is not so much that we are too bold to endure rules; it is rather that we are too timid to endure responsibilities. -GK Chesterton': 1} 
pair {'Regarding the debate about faith and works: It\x92s like asking which blade in a pair of scissors is most important. -C.S. Lewis': 1} 
attachment {'If there is any principle of the Constitution that more imperatively calls for attachment than any other it is the principle of free thought, not free thought for those who agree with us but freedom for the thought that we hate. -Oliver Wendell Holmes': 1} 
animal {'Man is the only animal that blushes - or needs to. -Mark Twain': 1, 'Cooking was invented in prehistoric times, when a primitive tribe had a lucky accident. The tribe had killed an animal and was going to eat it raw, when a tribe member named Woog tripped and dropped it into the fire. At first the other tribe members were angry at Woog, but then, as the aroma of burning meat filled the air, they had an idea. So they ate Woog raw. -Dave Barry': 1, 'It has been said that man is a rational animal. All my life I have been searching for evidence which could support this. -Bertrand Russell': 1, 'Love anything and your heart will be wrung and possibly broken. If you want to make sure of keeping it intact you must give it to no one, not even an animal. Wrap it carefully round with hobbies and little luxuries; avoid all entanglements. Lock it up safe in the casket or coffin of your selfishness. But in that casket, safe, dark, motionless, airless, it will change. It will not be broken; it will become unbreakable, impenetrable, irredeemable. To love is to be vulnerable. -C.S. Lewis': 1} 
instead {"Instead of a trap door, what about a trap window? The guy looks out it, and if he leans too far, he falls out. Wait. I guess that's like a regular window. -Jack Handey": 1, 'Opera is when a guy gets stabbed in the back and, instead of bleeding, he sings. -Ed Gardner': 1, 'The things that will destroy America are prosperity at any price, peace at any price, safety first instead of duty first, the love of soft living and the get rich quick theory of life. -Theodore Roosevelt': 1, "Money never made a man happy yet, nor will it. There is nothing in its nature to produce happiness. The more a man has, the more he wants. Instead of its filling a vacuum, it makes one. If it satisfies one want, it doubles and trebles that want another way. That was a true proverb of the wise man, rely upon it; ''Better is little with the fear of the Lord, than great treasure, and trouble therewith. -Benjamin Franklin": 1} 
intelligent {'Man [has] always assumed that he was more intelligent than dolphins because he had achieved so much-the wheel, New York, wars and so on-while all the dolphins had ever done was muck about in the water having a good time. But conversely, the dolphins had always believed that they were far more intelligent than man-for precisely the same reason. -Douglas Adams': 2} 
sin {'Everything that used to be a sin is now a disease. -Bill Maher': 1, 'Sin has many tools, but a lie is the handle which fits them all. -Edmund Burke': 1} 
airline {'Experts tell us that if the Millennium Bug is not fixed, when the year 2000 arrives, our financial records will be inaccurate, our telephone system will be unreliable, our government will be paralyzed and airline flights will be canceled without warning. In other words, things will be pretty much the same as they are now. -Dave Barry': 1} 
attend {"I didn't attend the funeral, but I sent a nice letter saying I approved of it. -Mark Twain": 1} 
bill clinton {'It takes a long time to turn a big country around. -Bill Clinton': 1, 'We need not just a new generation of leadership but a new gender of leadership. -Bill Clinton': 1, 'We are living in a world, where what we earn is a function of what we learn. -Bill Clinton': 1, 'When I took office, only high energy physicists had ever heard of what is called the Worldwide Web....now even my cat has its own page. -Bill Clinton': 1} 
watch {"I'm the type who'd be happy not going anywhere as long as I was sure I knew exactly what was happening at the places I wasn't going to. I'm the type who'd like to sit home and watch every party that I'm invited to on a monitor in my bedroom. -Andy Warhol": 1, "I don't make jokes. I just watch the government and report the facts. -Will Rogers": 1} 
philosophy {'The philosophy of one century is the common sense of the next. -Henry Ward Beecher': 1, 'Skepticism is a virtue in history as well as in philosophy. -Napoleon Bonaparte': 1, 'Nobody can have the consolations of religion or philosophy unless he has first experienced their desolations. -Aldous Huxley': 1, 'Philosophy is to the real world as masturbation is to sex. -Karl Marx': 1, 'Never judge a philosophy by its abuse. -Saint Augustine': 1, 'Philosophy is questions that may never be answered. Religion is answers that may never be questioned. -Author Unknown': 1} 
tact {'To have the reputation of possessing the most perfect social tact, talk to every woman as if you loved her, and to every man as if he bored you. -Oscar Wilde': 1} 
collection {"I have a hobby...I have the world's largest collection of sea shells. I keep it scattered on beaches all over the world. Maybe you've seen some of it... -Steven Wright": 1, 'Science is facts; just as houses are made of stones, so is science made of facts; but a pile of stones is not a house and a collection of facts is not necessarily science. -Henri Poincare': 1} 
abuse {'Never judge a philosophy by its abuse. -Saint Augustine': 1} 
fatigue {'Those who expect to reap the blessings of freedom must, like men, undergo the fatigue of supporting it. -Thomas Paine': 1} 
minding {'Perhaps one of the most important accomplishments of my administration has been minding my own business. -Calvin Coolidge': 1} 
fits {'If society fits you comfortably enough, you call it freedom. -Robert Frost': 1, 'Sin has many tools, but a lie is the handle which fits them all. -Edmund Burke': 1} 
da {'You know what the fellow said: In Italy for thirty years under the Borgias they had warfare, terror, murder, and bloodshed, but they produced Michaelangelo, Leonardo Da Vinci, and the Renaissance. In Switzerland, they had brotherly love--they had five hundred years of democracy and peace, and what did they produce? The cuckoo clock. -Orson Welles': 1} 
geek {"A 'geek' by definition is someone who eats live animals....I've never eaten live animals. -Crispin Glover": 1} 
amenable {'The broad masses of a population are more amenable to the appeal of rhetoric than to any other force. -Adolf Hitler': 1} 
william temple {'The greatest pleasure of life is love. -William Temple': 1} 
nickel {"A nickel isn't worth a dime today. -Yogi Berra": 1} 
light {'A truly great book should be read in youth, again in maturity and once more in old age, as a fine building should be seen by morning light, at noon and by moonlight. -Robertson Davies': 1, 'When an American says that he loves his country, he means not only that he loves the New England hills, the prairies glistening in the sun, the wide and rising plains, the great mountains, and the sea. He means that he loves an inner air, an inner light in which freedom lives and in which a man can draw the breath of self-respect. -Adlai Stevenson': 1, 'Words which do not give the light of Christ increase the darkness. -Mother Teresa': 1, 'Every man must decide whether he will walk in the light of creative altruism or in the darkness of destructive selfishness. -Martin Luther King Jr.': 1, 'God does not give heed to the ambitiousness of our prayers, because he is always ready to give to us his light, not a visible light but an intellectual and spiritual one; but we are not always ready to receive it when we turn aside and down to other things out of a desire for temporal things. -Saint Augustine': 2} 
lame {'Science without religion is lame, religion without science is blind. -Albert Einstein': 1} 
lines {'Happiness is the full use of your powers along lines of excellence. -John F. Kennedy': 1} 
feels {'The worst moment for the athieist is when he feels thankful and has no one to thank. -Dante Gabriel Rossetti': 1} 
henri poincare {'Science is facts; just as houses are made of stones, so is science made of facts; but a pile of stones is not a house and a collection of facts is not necessarily science. -Henri Poincare': 1} 
writ {"I'm never going to be famous. My name will never be writ large on the roster of Those Who Do Things. I don't do any thing. Not one single thing. I used to bite my nails, but I don't even do that any more. -Dorothy Parker": 1} 
allow {'Feminism was established to allow unattractive women easier access to the mainstream. -Rush Limbaugh': 1, 'As Mankind becomes more liberal, they will be more apt to allow that all those who conduct themselves as worthy members of the community are equally entitled to the protections of civil government. I hope ever to see America among the foremost nations of justice and liberality. -George Washington': 1} 
intellectuals {'Like many intellectuals, he was incapable of saying a simple thing in a simple way. -Marcel Proust': 1} 
quotations {'He wrapped himself in quotations--as a beggar would enfold himself in the purple of Emperors. -Rudyard Kipling': 1} 
divided {'Black holes are where God divided by zero. -Steven Wright': 1, 'As every divided kingdom falls, so every mind divided between many studies confounds and saps itself. -Leonardo da Vinci': 2} 
longest {'I have been the artist with the longest career, and I am so proud and honoured to be chosen from heaven to be invincible. -Michael Jackson': 1} 
henry thoreau {'If we will be quiet and ready enough, we shall find compensation in every disappointment. -Henry Thoreau': 1, 'To be awake is to be alive. -Henry Thoreau': 1, 'I went out to the country so i could examine the simple things in life. -Henry Thoreau': 1, 'To be a philosopher is not merely to have subtle thoughts; but so to love wisdom as to live according to its dictates. -Henry Thoreau': 1, 'There are a thousand hacking at the branches of evil to one who is striking at the root. -Henry Thoreau': 1} 
eloquent {'Government is not reason; it is not eloquent; it is force. Like fire, it is a dangerous servant and a fearful master. -George Washington': 1} 
guy's {"If you're in a boxing match, try not to let the other guy's glove touch your lips, because you don't know where that glove has been. -Jack Handey": 1} 
unbreakable {'Love anything and your heart will be wrung and possibly broken. If you want to make sure of keeping it intact you must give it to no one, not even an animal. Wrap it carefully round with hobbies and little luxuries; avoid all entanglements. Lock it up safe in the casket or coffin of your selfishness. But in that casket, safe, dark, motionless, airless, it will change. It will not be broken; it will become unbreakable, impenetrable, irredeemable. To love is to be vulnerable. -C.S. Lewis': 1} 
altogether {'It behooves every man to remember that the work of the critic is of altogether secondary importance, and that, in the end, progress is accomplished by the man who does things. -Theodore Roosevelt': 1} 
struggles {'A Native American elder once described his own inner struggles in this manner: Inside of me there are two dogs. One of the dogs is mean and evil. The other dog is good. The mean dog fights the good dog all the time. When asked which dog wins, he reflected. -George Bernard Shaw': 1} 
produced {"The puritanism of Christianity has played havoc with the moderation that an enlightened and tolerant critical spirit would have produced. I've noticed that in whatever country, county, town, or other region there is a regulation enjoining temperance, the population seems to be entirely composed of teetotallers and drunkards. There's a Bible on that shelf there. But I keep it next to Voltaire - poison and antidote. -Bertrand Russell": 1, 'Such is the delicacy of man alone, that no object is produced to his liking. He finds that in everything there is need for improvement. The whole industry of human life is employed not in procuring the supply of our three humble necessities, food, clothes and lodging, but in procuring the conveniences of it according to the nicety and delicacy of our tastes. -Adam Smith': 1, 'You know what the fellow said: In Italy for thirty years under the Borgias they had warfare, terror, murder, and bloodshed, but they produced Michaelangelo, Leonardo Da Vinci, and the Renaissance. In Switzerland, they had brotherly love--they had five hundred years of democracy and peace, and what did they produce? The cuckoo clock. -Orson Welles': 1} 
report {"I don't make jokes. I just watch the government and report the facts. -Will Rogers": 1} 
cruder {'It is very easy to tell the difference between man-made and God-made objects. The more you magnify man-made objects, the cruder they look, but the more you magnify God-made objects, the more precise and intricate they appear. -Luther Sutherland': 1} 
won't {"May God have mercy upon my enemies, because I won't. -George Patton": 1, "Talent alone won't make you a success. Neither will being in the right place at the right time, unless you are ready. The most important question is: 'Are you ready?' -Johnny Carson": 1, "God help the man who won't marry until he finds a perfect woman, and God help him still more if he finds her. -Benjamin Tillet": 1} 
looks {'Love is the delightful interval between meeting a beautiful girl and discovering that she looks like a haddock. -John Barrymore': 1, "Instead of a trap door, what about a trap window? The guy looks out it, and if he leans too far, he falls out. Wait. I guess that's like a regular window. -Jack Handey": 1, 'Beauty is all very well at first sight; but whoever looks at it when it has been in the house three days? -George Bernard Shaw': 1} 
thyself {'Observe constantly that all things take place by change, and accustom thyself to consider that the nature of the Universe love nothing so much as to change. The Universe is change. -Marcus Aurelius': 1} 
bunch {'To defend Western Europe we have to let the Pentagon buy all these tanks and guns and things, and the Pentagon is unable to buy any object that that costs less than a condominium in Vail. If the Pentagon needs, say, fruit, it will argue that it must have fruit that can withstand the rigors of combat conditions, and it will wind up purchasing the FX-700 Seedless Tactical Grape, which will cost $160,000 per bunch, and will have an 83 percent failure rate. -Dave Barry': 1} 
perfect {'To have the reputation of possessing the most perfect social tact, talk to every woman as if you loved her, and to every man as if he bored you. -Oscar Wilde': 1, 'She is not perfect. You are not perfect. The question is whether or not you are perfect for each other. -Robin Williams': 3, "God help the man who won't marry until he finds a perfect woman, and God help him still more if he finds her. -Benjamin Tillet": 1, 'Perfect humility dispenses with modesty. -C.S. Lewis': 1, 'The best of life is conversation, and the greatest success is confidence, or perfect understanding between two people. -Ralph Waldo Emerson': 1} 
superior {'Everything except God has some natural superior; everything except unformed matter has some natural inferior. -C.S. Lewis': 1} 
outer {"We all wish to be judged by our peers, by the men 'after our own heart.' Only they really know our mind and only they judge it by standards we fully acknowledge. Theirs is the praise we really covet and the blame we really dread. The little pockets of early Chrstians survived because they cared exclusively for the love of 'the bretheren' and stopped their ears to the opinion of the Pagan society around them. But a circle of criminals, cranks, or perverts survives in just the same way; by becoming deaf to the opinion of the outer world, by discounting it as the chatter of outsiders who 'don't understand,' of the 'conventional,' the 'bourgeois,' the 'Establishment,' of prigs, prudes, and humbugs. -C.S. Lewis": 1} 
chosen {'I have been the artist with the longest career, and I am so proud and honoured to be chosen from heaven to be invincible. -Michael Jackson': 1, 'He therefore is the truest friend to the liberty of this country who tries most to promote its virtue, and who, so far as his power and influence extend, will not suffer a man to be chosen into any office of power and trust who is not a wise and virtuous man. -Samuel Adams': 1} 
masses {'To be a leader means to be able to move masses. -Adolf Hitler': 1, 'The broad masses of a population are more amenable to the appeal of rhetoric than to any other force. -Adolf Hitler': 1} 
compulsions {'All human actions have one or more of these seven causes: chance, nature, compulsions, habit, reason, passion, desire. -Aristotle': 1} 
nostalgia {"We seem to be going through a period of nostalgia, and everyone seems to think yesterday was better than today. I don't think it was, and I would advise you not to wait ten years before admitting today was great. If you're hung up on nostalgia, pretend today is yesterday and just go out and have one hell of a time. -Art Buchwald": 2} 
labor {"Art is man's expression of his joy in labor. -Henry Kissinger": 1, 'Let us not forget that the cultivation of the earth is the most important labor of man. When tillage begins, other arts will follow. The farmers, therefore, are the founders of civilization. -Daniel Webster': 1, 'Are you entitled to the fruits of your labor or does government have some presumptive right to spend and spend and spend? -Ronald Reagan': 1} 
kindergarten {'From kindergarten to graduation, I went to public schools, and I know that they are a key to being sure that every child has a chance to succeed and to rise in the world. -Dick Cheney': 1} 
heroism {'Heroism is not only in the man, but in the occasion. -Calvin Coolidge': 1} 
willing {'\x93Take a chance! All life is a chance. The man who goes farthest is generally the one who is willing to do and dare. -Dale Carnegie': 1, "A University of Chicago professor said the greatest day in the world was when a water puppy crawled out on land and decided to stay. The water puppy, he said, went on to become a man. If he proves that, I am willing to give up Christmas, Thanksgiving, and New Year's Day, and to celebrate Water Puppy Day. -William Jennings Bryan": 1} 
mel brooks {"I've been accused of vulgarity. I say that's bullshit. -Mel Brooks": 1} 
choose {'The cost of freedom is always high, but Americans have always paid it. And one path we shall never choose, and that is the path of surrender, or submission. -John F. Kennedy': 1, "If a woman has to choose between catching a fly ball and saving an infant's life, she will choose to save the infant's life without even considering if there are men on base. -Dave Barry": 2} 
communication {'I like television. I still believe that television is the most powerful form of communication on Earth -- I just hate what is being done with it. -Alton Brown': 1} 
inconsistencies {'No sooner do we depart from sense and instinct to follow reason but we are insensibly drawn into uncouth paradoxes, difficulties, and inconsistencies, which multiply and grow upon us as we advance in speculation; till at length, having wandered through many intricate mazes, we find ourselves just where we were, or, which is worse, sit down in a forlorn scepticism. -George Berkeley': 1} 
hobby {"I have a hobby...I have the world's largest collection of sea shells. I keep it scattered on beaches all over the world. Maybe you've seen some of it... -Steven Wright": 1} 
definitely {'It is astonishing what an effort it seems to be for many people to put their brains definitely and systematically to work. -Thomas Edison': 1} 
antidote {"The puritanism of Christianity has played havoc with the moderation that an enlightened and tolerant critical spirit would have produced. I've noticed that in whatever country, county, town, or other region there is a regulation enjoining temperance, the population seems to be entirely composed of teetotallers and drunkards. There's a Bible on that shelf there. But I keep it next to Voltaire - poison and antidote. -Bertrand Russell": 1} 
demoralize {'Demoralize the enemy from within by surprise, terror, sabotage, assassination. This is the war of the future. -Adolf Hitler': 1} 
theology {'Theology is only thought applied to religion. -GK Chesterton': 1} 
dad {"To me, clowns aren't funny. In fact, they're kinda scary. I've wondered where this started, and I think it goes back to the time I went to the circus and a clown killed my dad. -Jack Handey": 1} 
orthodox {'In the Orthodox spiritual tradition, the ultimate moral question we ask is the following: Is what we are doing, is what I am doing, beautiful or not? -Carolyn Gifford': 1} 
tangle {'I love writing. I love the swirl and swing of words as they tangle with human emotions. -James Michener': 1} 
auto {"Having a male gynecologist is like going to an auto mechanic who doesn't own a car. -Carrie Snow": 1} 
practice {"If your kid makes one of those little homemade guitars out of a cigar box and rubber bands, don't let him just play it once or twice and then throw it away. Make him practice on it, every day, for about three hours a day. Later, he'll thank you. -Jack Handey": 1, 'One definition of an economist is somebody who sees something happen in practice and wonders if it will work in theory. -Ronald Reagan': 1, "The practice of art isn't to make a living. It's to make your soul grow. -Kurt Vonnegut": 1} 
runs {'He that fights and runs away, may turn and fight another day; but he that is in battle slain, will never rise to fight again. -Tacitus': 1} 
ship {'If the primary aim of a captain were to preserve his ship, he would keep it in port forever. -Thomas Aquinas': 1} 
connected {'To me there has never been a higher source of earthly honor or distinction than that connected with advances in science. -Isaac Newton': 1} 
mention {'Christmas can be celebrated in the school room with pine trees, tinsel and reindeers, but there must be no mention of the man whose birthday is being celebrated. One wonders how a teacher would answer if a student asked why it was called Christmas. -Ronald Reagan': 1, "I'm a middle age white guy, which means I'm constantly reminded that my particular group is responsible for the oppression of every known minority PLUS most wars PLUS government corruption PLUS pollution of the environment, not to mention that it was middle-age white guys who killed Bambi's mom. -Dave Barry": 1, 'I thought it completely absurd to mention my name in the same breath as the Presidency. -Dwight Eisenhower': 1} 
reindeers {'Christmas can be celebrated in the school room with pine trees, tinsel and reindeers, but there must be no mention of the man whose birthday is being celebrated. One wonders how a teacher would answer if a student asked why it was called Christmas. -Ronald Reagan': 1} 
kiss {'How did it happen that their lips came together? How does it happen that birds sing, that snow melts, that the rose unfolds, that the dawn whitens behind the stark shapes of trees on the quivering summit of the hill? A kiss, and all was said. -Victor Hugo': 1} 
hands {'Slang is the language which takes off its coat, spits on its hands - and goes to work. -Carl Sandburg': 1, "You give me a credit to which I have no claim in calling me 'the writer of the Constitution of the United States.' This was not, like the fabled Goddess of Wisdom, the offspring of a single brain. It ought to be regarded as the work of many heads and many hands. -James Madison": 1, 'What is the most important for democracy is not that great fortunes should not exist, but that great fortunes should not remain in the same hands. In that way there are rich men, but they do not form a class. -Alexis de Tocqueville': 1, 'Show me your hands. Do they have scars from giving? Show me your feet. Are they wounded in service? Show me your heart. Have you left a place for divine love? -Fulton J. Sheen': 1, 'Karate is a form of marital arts in which people who have had years and years of training can, using only their hands and feet, make some of the worst movies in the history of the world. -Dave Barry': 1, 'No human relation gives one possession in another...every two souls are absolutely different. In friendship and in love, the two side by side raise hands together to find what one cannot reach alone. -Kahlil Gibran': 1} 
front {"Don't walk in front of me, I may not follow. Don't walk behind me, I may not lead. Just walk beside me and be my friend. -Albert Camus": 1, "Is there anything more beautiful than a beautiful, beautiful flamingo, flying across in front of a beautiful sunset? And he's carrying a beautiful rose in his beak, and also he's carrying a very beautiful painting with his feet. And also, you're drunk. -Jack Handey": 1} 
class {'What is the most important for democracy is not that great fortunes should not exist, but that great fortunes should not remain in the same hands. In that way there are rich men, but they do not form a class. -Alexis de Tocqueville': 1} 
day {"What I don't like about office Christmas parties is looking for a job the next day. -Phyllis Diller": 1, "If your kid makes one of those little homemade guitars out of a cigar box and rubber bands, don't let him just play it once or twice and then throw it away. Make him practice on it, every day, for about three hours a day. Later, he'll thank you. -Jack Handey": 2, "A University of Chicago professor said the greatest day in the world was when a water puppy crawled out on land and decided to stay. The water puppy, he said, went on to become a man. If he proves that, I am willing to give up Christmas, Thanksgiving, and New Year's Day, and to celebrate Water Puppy Day. -William Jennings Bryan": 3, "I've worked for four presidents and watched two others up close, and I know that there's no such thing as a routine day in the Oval Office. -Dick Cheney": 1, 'An optimist is a person who starts a new diet on Thanksgiving Day. -Irv Kupcinet': 1, 'I could not handle being a woman, I would stay home all day and play with my breasts. -Steve Martin': 1, 'He that fights and runs away, may turn and fight another day; but he that is in battle slain, will never rise to fight again. -Tacitus': 1, 'A word is dead when it is said, some say. I say it just begins to live that day. -Emily Dickinson': 1, 'When you work seven days a week, fourteen hours a day, you get lucky. -Armand Hammer': 1, 'I wake each morning torn between the desire to improve the world and the desire to enjoy it. It makes it hard to plan the day. -E.B. White': 1, 'The time which we have at our disposal every day is elastic; the passions we feel expand it, those that we inspire contract it, and habit fills up what remains. -Marcel Proust': 1, 'We turn not older with years, but newer every day. -Emily Dickinson': 1} 
worlds {'Imagination will often carry us to worlds that never were. But without it, we go nowhere. -Carl Sagan': 1} 
masters {'There are men in all ages who mean to govern well, but they mean to govern. They promise to be good masters, but they mean to be masters. -Daniel Webster': 2} 
contagious {'Life is a fatal complaint, and an eminently contagious one. -Oliver Wendell Holmes': 1} 
establishment {"We all wish to be judged by our peers, by the men 'after our own heart.' Only they really know our mind and only they judge it by standards we fully acknowledge. Theirs is the praise we really covet and the blame we really dread. The little pockets of early Chrstians survived because they cared exclusively for the love of 'the bretheren' and stopped their ears to the opinion of the Pagan society around them. But a circle of criminals, cranks, or perverts survives in just the same way; by becoming deaf to the opinion of the outer world, by discounting it as the chatter of outsiders who 'don't understand,' of the 'conventional,' the 'bourgeois,' the 'Establishment,' of prigs, prudes, and humbugs. -C.S. Lewis": 1} 
university {'In any fairly large and talkative community such as a university there is always the danger that those who think alike should gravitate together where they will henceforth encounter opposition only in the emasculated form of rumour that the outsiders say thus and thus. The absent are easily refuted, complacent dogmatism thrives, and differences of opinion are embittered by the group hostility. Each group hears not the best, but the worst, that the other group can say. -C.S. Lewis': 1, "A University of Chicago professor said the greatest day in the world was when a water puppy crawled out on land and decided to stay. The water puppy, he said, went on to become a man. If he proves that, I am willing to give up Christmas, Thanksgiving, and New Year's Day, and to celebrate Water Puppy Day. -William Jennings Bryan": 1} 
delightful {'Love is the delightful interval between meeting a beautiful girl and discovering that she looks like a haddock. -John Barrymore': 1, 'The commonest thing is delightful if only one hides it. -Oscar Wilde': 1} 
vibrations {"In every man's heart there is a secret nerve that answers to the vibrations of beauty. -Christopher Morley": 1} 
trap {"Instead of a trap door, what about a trap window? The guy looks out it, and if he leans too far, he falls out. Wait. I guess that's like a regular window. -Jack Handey": 2} 
truth {'As scarce as truth is, the supply has always been in excess of the demand. -Josh Billings': 1, 'It is error alone which needs the support of government. Truth can stand by itself. -Thomas Jefferson': 1, 'The truth is always a trick to those who live among lies. -Author Unknown': 1, 'The reason we hold truth in such respect is because we have so little opportunity to get familiar with it. -Mark Twain': 1, 'A good novel tells us the truth about its hero; but a bad novel tells us the truth about its author. -GK Chesterton': 2, 'There is no strength in unbelief. Even the unbelief of what is false is no source of might. It is the truth shining from behind that gives the strength to disbelieve. -George MacDonald': 1, 'Truth sits upon the lips of dying men. -Matthew Arnold': 1, "I'd rather hear an old truth than a new lie. -Chris Bowyer": 1, 'Knowledge rests not upon truth alone, but upon error also. -Carl Jung': 1, 'It is hard to believe that a man is telling the truth when you know that you would lie if you were in his place. -Henry Mencken': 1, ".I had to face the horrible truth: The antitobacco people are lying. Smoking really is cool. And I'm less cool for not doing it. -Tucker Carlson": 1, 'New knowledge is the most valuable commodity on earth. The more truth we have to work with, the richer we become. -Kurt Vonnegut': 1, 'No doubt those who really founded modern science were usually those whose love of truth exceeded their love of power. -C.S. Lewis': 1} 
pleasures {'Happy, happy Christmas, that can win us back to the delusions of our childhood days, recall to the old man the pleasures of his youth, and transport the traveler back to his own fireside and quiet home! -Charles Dickens': 1} 
disregard {'Serious sport has nothing to do with fair play. It is bound up with hatred, jealousy, boastfulness, disregard of all rules and sadistic pleasure in witnessing violence. In other words: it is war minus the shooting. -George Orwell': 1} 
bretheren {"We all wish to be judged by our peers, by the men 'after our own heart.' Only they really know our mind and only they judge it by standards we fully acknowledge. Theirs is the praise we really covet and the blame we really dread. The little pockets of early Chrstians survived because they cared exclusively for the love of 'the bretheren' and stopped their ears to the opinion of the Pagan society around them. But a circle of criminals, cranks, or perverts survives in just the same way; by becoming deaf to the opinion of the outer world, by discounting it as the chatter of outsiders who 'don't understand,' of the 'conventional,' the 'bourgeois,' the 'Establishment,' of prigs, prudes, and humbugs. -C.S. Lewis": 1} 
shaking {'The fruit that can fall without shaking, indeed is too mellow for me. -Lady Mary Wortley Montagu': 1} 
experienced {'Nobody can have the consolations of religion or philosophy unless he has first experienced their desolations. -Aldous Huxley': 1} 
esteem {"Associate yourself with men of good quality if you esteem your own reputation; for 'tis better to be alone than in bad company. -George Washington": 1} 
doing {"We all want progress, but if you're on the wrong road, progress means doing an about-turn and walking back to the right road; in that case, the man who turns back soonest is the most progressive. -C.S. Lewis": 1, "Never continue in a job you don't enjoy. If you're happy in what you're doing, you'll like yourself, you'll have inner peace. And if you have that, along with physical health, you will have had more success than you could possibly have imagined. -Johnny Carson": 1, "Remember, if you smoke after sex you're doing it too fast. -Woody Allen": 1, 'Freedom is the right to question and change the established way of doing things. It is the continuous revolution of the marketplace. It is the understanding that allows us to recognize shortcomings and seek solutions. -Ronald Reagan': 1, 'In the Orthodox spiritual tradition, the ultimate moral question we ask is the following: Is what we are doing, is what I am doing, beautiful or not? -Carolyn Gifford': 2, "My life has no purpose, no direction, no aim, no meaning, and yet I'm happy. I can't figure it out. What am I doing right? -Charles Schulz": 1, ".I had to face the horrible truth: The antitobacco people are lying. Smoking really is cool. And I'm less cool for not doing it. -Tucker Carlson": 1, 'No man will make a great leader who wants to do it all himself or get all the credit for doing it. -Andrew Carnegie': 1, 'It is only by doing things others have not that one can advance. -George Patton': 1, "Life's most persistent and urgent question is, 'What are you doing for others?' -Martin Luther King Jr.": 1} 
indulges {'The Nation which indulges toward another an habitual hatred or an habitual fondness is in some degree a slave. It is a slave to its animosity or to its affection, either of which is sufficient to lead it astray from its duty and its interest. -George Washington': 1} 
related {'We ascribe beauty to that which is simple; which has no superfluous parts; which exactly answers its end; which stands related to all things; which is the mean of many extremes. -Ralph Waldo Emerson': 1} 
society {'A free society is one where it is safe to be unpopular. -Adlai Stevenson': 1, "It is necessary for the welfare of society that genius should be privileged to utter sedition, to blaspheme, to outrage good taste, to corrupt the youthful mind, and generally to scandalize one's uncles. -George Bernard Shaw": 1, "We all wish to be judged by our peers, by the men 'after our own heart.' Only they really know our mind and only they judge it by standards we fully acknowledge. Theirs is the praise we really covet and the blame we really dread. The little pockets of early Chrstians survived because they cared exclusively for the love of 'the bretheren' and stopped their ears to the opinion of the Pagan society around them. But a circle of criminals, cranks, or perverts survives in just the same way; by becoming deaf to the opinion of the outer world, by discounting it as the chatter of outsiders who 'don't understand,' of the 'conventional,' the 'bourgeois,' the 'Establishment,' of prigs, prudes, and humbugs. -C.S. Lewis": 1, 'If society fits you comfortably enough, you call it freedom. -Robert Frost': 1, 'The surface of American society is covered with a layer of democratic paint, but from time to time one can see the old aristocratic colours breaking through. -Alexis de Tocqueville': 1, 'The health of a democratic society may be measured by the quality of functions performed by private citizens. -Alexis de Tocqueville': 1, "My role in society, or any artist's or poet's role, is to try and express what we all feel. Not to tell people how to feel. Not as a preacher, not as a leader, but as a reflection of us all. -John Lennon": 1} 
books {'I am a writer of books in retrospect. I talk in order to understand; I teach in order to learn. -Robert Frost': 1, 'This will never be a civilized country until we expend more money for books than we do for chewing gum. -Elbert Hubbard': 1, 'The man who does not read good books has no advantage over the man who cannot read them. -Mark Twain': 1, 'Nothing before had ever made me thoroughly realise, though I had read various scientific books, that science consists in grouping facts so that general laws or conclusions may be drawn from them. -Charles Darwin': 1, 'I am Envy. I cannot read and therefore wish all books burned. -Christopher Marlowe': 1} 
exceeded {'No doubt those who really founded modern science were usually those whose love of truth exceeded their love of power. -C.S. Lewis': 1} 
our {'Were it possible for us to wait for ourselves to come into the room, not many of us would find our hearts breaking into flower as we heard the door handle turn. -Rebecca West': 1, 'We live in an age when unnecessary things are our only necessities. -Oscar Wilde': 1, 'Goldie and I did have a car stolen right out of our yard. It took us three days to notice. -Kurt Russell': 1, 'War - an act of violence whose object is to constrain the enemy, to accomplish our will. -George Washington': 1, 'It is only our bad temper that we put down to being tired or worried or hungry; we put our good temper down to ourselves. -C.S. Lewis': 2, 'We know too much, and are convinced of too little. Our literature is a substitute for religion, and so is our religion. -T.S. Eliot': 2, 'Government is not a solution to our problem, government is the problem. -Ronald Reagan': 1, 'It is always thus, impelled by a state of mind which is destined not to last, that we make our irrevocable decisions. -Marcel Proust': 1, 'Experts tell us that if the Millennium Bug is not fixed, when the year 2000 arrives, our financial records will be inaccurate, our telephone system will be unreliable, our government will be paralyzed and airline flights will be canceled without warning. In other words, things will be pretty much the same as they are now. -Dave Barry': 3, 'There are perhaps no days of our childhood we lived so fully as those we spent with a favorite book. -Marcel Proust': 1, 'In the long run, we shape our lives and we shape ourselves. The process never ends until we die, and the choices that we make are ultimately our responsibility. -Eleanor Roosevelt': 2, 'Deliberation and debate is the way you stir the soul of our democracy. -Jesse Jackson': 1, 'We have it in our power to begin the world over again. -Thomas Paine': 1, 'Let us have faith that right makes might, and in that faith, let us, to the end, dare to do our duty as we understand it. -Abraham Lincoln': 1, 'If we command our wealth, we shall be rich and free; if our wealth commands us, we are poor indeed. -Edmund Burke': 2, 'Our attitude towards others determines their attitude towards us. -Earl Nightingale': 1, 'Four-fifths of all our troubles would disappear, if we would only sit down and keep still. -Calvin Coolidge': 1, "Of all tyrannies, a tyranny exercised for the good of its victims may be the most oppressive. It may be better to live under robber barons than under omnipotent moral busybodies. The robber baron's cruelty may sometimes sleep, his cupidity may at some point be satiated; but those who torment us for our own good will torment us without end, for they do so with the approval of their own conscience. -C.S. Lewis": 1, 'If the United Nations once admits that international disputes can be settled by using force, then we will have destroyed the foundation of the organization and our best hope of establishing a world order. -Dwight Eisenhower': 1, 'If God had wanted us to spend our time fretting about the problems of home ownership, He would never have invented beer. -Dave Barry': 1, 'Such is the delicacy of man alone, that no object is produced to his liking. He finds that in everything there is need for improvement. The whole industry of human life is employed not in procuring the supply of our three humble necessities, food, clothes and lodging, but in procuring the conveniences of it according to the nicety and delicacy of our tastes. -Adam Smith': 2, 'What we are today comes from our thoughts of yesterday and our present thoughts build our life tomorrow. Our life is the creation of our mind. -Siddhartha Buddha': 5, 'The mystic chords of memory, stretching from every battlefield and patriot grave to every living heart and hearthstone all over this broad land, will yet swell the chorus of the Union, when again touched, as surely they will be, by the better angels of our nature. -Abraham Lincoln': 1, 'The hour of departure has arrived, and we go our ways - I to die, and you to live. Which is better God only knows. -Plato': 1, 'Alexander, Caesar, Charlemagne, and myself founded empires; but what foundation did we rest the creations of our genius? Upon force. Jesus Christ founded an empire upon love; and at this hour millions of men would die for Him. -Napoleon Bonaparte': 1, 'Being is desirable because it is identical with Beauty, and Beauty is loved because it is Being. We ourselves possess Beauty when we are true to our own being; ugliness is in going over to another order; knowing ourselves, we are beautiful; in self-ignorance, we are ugly. -Ambrose Bierce': 1, 'How we spend our days is, of course, how we spend our lives. -Annie Dillard': 2, "We all wish to be judged by our peers, by the men 'after our own heart.' Only they really know our mind and only they judge it by standards we fully acknowledge. Theirs is the praise we really covet and the blame we really dread. The little pockets of early Chrstians survived because they cared exclusively for the love of 'the bretheren' and stopped their ears to the opinion of the Pagan society around them. But a circle of criminals, cranks, or perverts survives in just the same way; by becoming deaf to the opinion of the outer world, by discounting it as the chatter of outsiders who 'don't understand,' of the 'conventional,' the 'bourgeois,' the 'Establishment,' of prigs, prudes, and humbugs. -C.S. Lewis": 3, 'Our nettlesome task is to discover how to organize our strength into compelling power. -Martin Luther King Jr.': 2, 'Marriage is our last, best chance to grow up. -Joseph Barth': 1, 'The time which we have at our disposal every day is elastic; the passions we feel expand it, those that we inspire contract it, and habit fills up what remains. -Marcel Proust': 1, "One of the great attractions of patriotism -- it fulfills our worst wishes. In the person of our nation we are able, vicariously, to bully and cheat. Bully and cheat, what's more, with a feeling that we are profoundly virtuous. -Aldous Huxley": 2, 'Happy, happy Christmas, that can win us back to the delusions of our childhood days, recall to the old man the pleasures of his youth, and transport the traveler back to his own fireside and quiet home! -Charles Dickens': 1, 'The greatness of our country has been based on our thinking that everyone has a right even to be wrong. -Ronald Reagan': 2, "Blood is the ink of our life's story. -Jason Mechalek": 1, 'The magic of first love is our ignorance that it can never end. -Benjamin Disraeli': 1, 'When we die, our bodies are buried. When we live, our souls are buried. -Jason Mechalek': 2, 'If all our misfortunes were laid in one common heap, whence everyone must take an equal portion, most people would be content to take their own and depart. -Socrates': 1, 'We should take care not to make the intellect our god; it has, of course, powerful muscles, but no personality. -Albert Einstein': 1, "I think computer viruses should count as life. I think it says something about human nature that the only form of life we have created so far is purely destructive. We've created life in our own image. -Stephen Hawking": 1, 'God does not give heed to the ambitiousness of our prayers, because he is always ready to give to us his light, not a visible light but an intellectual and spiritual one; but we are not always ready to receive it when we turn aside and down to other things out of a desire for temporal things. -Saint Augustine': 1} 
differ {'To think is to differ. -Clarence Darrow': 1} 
supportable {'Wedding: a ceremony at which two persons undertake to become one, one undertakes to become nothing, and nothing undertakes to become supportable. -Ambrose Bierce': 1} 
out {"A University of Chicago professor said the greatest day in the world was when a water puppy crawled out on land and decided to stay. The water puppy, he said, went on to become a man. If he proves that, I am willing to give up Christmas, Thanksgiving, and New Year's Day, and to celebrate Water Puppy Day. -William Jennings Bryan": 1, 'Goldie and I did have a car stolen right out of our yard. It took us three days to notice. -Kurt Russell': 1, 'Back in the old days, most families were close-knit. Grown children and their parents continued to live together, under the same roof, sometimes in the same small, crowded room, year in and year out, until they died, frequently by strangulation. -Dave Barry': 1, "When you stop giving and offering something to the rest of the world, it's time to turn out the lights. -George Burns": 1, 'God does not give heed to the ambitiousness of our prayers, because he is always ready to give to us his light, not a visible light but an intellectual and spiritual one; but we are not always ready to receive it when we turn aside and down to other things out of a desire for temporal things. -Saint Augustine': 1, "Don't take life too seriously; you'll never get out of it alive. -Elbert Hubbard": 1, "Instead of a trap door, what about a trap window? The guy looks out it, and if he leans too far, he falls out. Wait. I guess that's like a regular window. -Jack Handey": 2, "You can't depend on your eyes when your imagination is out of focus. -Mark Twain": 1, 'Through pride we are ever deceiving ourselves. But deep down below the surface of the average conscience a still, small voice says to us, something is out of tune. -Carl Jung': 1, "There are people who put their dreams in a little box and say, Yes, I've got dreams, of course I've got dreams. Then they put the box away and bring it out once in awhile to look in it, and yep, they're still there. -Erna Bombeck": 1, "To find out a girl's faults, praise her to her girl friends. -Benjamin Franklin": 1, 'You find out more about God from the Moral Law than from the univerise in general just as you find out more about a man by listening to his conversation than by looking at a house he has built. -C.S. Lewis': 2, "If your kid makes one of those little homemade guitars out of a cigar box and rubber bands, don't let him just play it once or twice and then throw it away. Make him practice on it, every day, for about three hours a day. Later, he'll thank you. -Jack Handey": 1, "We seem to be going through a period of nostalgia, and everyone seems to think yesterday was better than today. I don't think it was, and I would advise you not to wait ten years before admitting today was great. If you're hung up on nostalgia, pretend today is yesterday and just go out and have one hell of a time. -Art Buchwald": 1, "My life has no purpose, no direction, no aim, no meaning, and yet I'm happy. I can't figure it out. What am I doing right? -Charles Schulz": 1, "Without computers, the government would be unable to function at the level of effectiveness and efficiency that we have come to expect.  This is because the primary function of the government is -- and here I am quoting directly from the U.S. Constitution -- 'to spew out paper.' -Dave Barry": 1, "The statistics on sanity are that one out of every four Americans are suffering from some form of mental illness. Think of your three best friends. If they're okay, then it's you. -Rita Mae Brown": 1, "No matter what they're charging to get in, it's worth more to get out. -Roger Ebert": 1, 'Too many poets delude themselves by thinking that the mind is dangerous and must be left out. Well, the mind is dangerous and must be left in. -Robert Frost': 1, 'I went out to the country so i could examine the simple things in life. -Henry Thoreau': 1, "Learning carries within itself certain dangers because out of necessity one has to learn from one's enemies. -Leon Trotsky": 1, "All I want out of life, is that when I walk down the street folks will say, 'There goes the greatest hitter that ever lived.' -Ted Williams": 1, 'To you taxpayers out there, let me say this: Make sure you file your tax return on time! And remember that, even though income taxes can be a \x93pain in the neck,\x94 the folks at the IRS are regular people just like you, except that they can destroy your life. -Dave Barry': 1, "Ah, yes, divorce...from the Latin word meaning to rip out a man's genitals through his wallet. -Robin Williams": 1, "I think it's the duty of the comedian to find out where the line is drawn and cross it deliberately. -George Carlin": 1} 
empires {'Alexander, Caesar, Charlemagne, and myself founded empires; but what foundation did we rest the creations of our genius? Upon force. Jesus Christ founded an empire upon love; and at this hour millions of men would die for Him. -Napoleon Bonaparte': 1} 
omnipotent {"Of all tyrannies, a tyranny exercised for the good of its victims may be the most oppressive. It may be better to live under robber barons than under omnipotent moral busybodies. The robber baron's cruelty may sometimes sleep, his cupidity may at some point be satiated; but those who torment us for our own good will torment us without end, for they do so with the approval of their own conscience. -C.S. Lewis": 1} 
lukewarm {'It must be remembered that there is nothing more difficult to plan, more doubtful of success nor more dangerous to manage than the creation of a new system. For the initiator has the enmity of all who profit by the preservation of the old institution and merely lukewarm defenders in those who would gain by the new one. -Nicolo Machiavelli': 1} 
entertainment {'Television is a medium of entertainment which permits millions of people to listen to the same joke at the same time, and yet remain lonesome. -T.S. Eliot': 1} 
armor {'Any reviewer who expresses rage and loathing for a novel is preposterous. He or she is like a person who has put on full armor and attacked a hot fudge sundae. -Kurt Vonnegut': 1} 
aside {'God does not give heed to the ambitiousness of our prayers, because he is always ready to give to us his light, not a visible light but an intellectual and spiritual one; but we are not always ready to receive it when we turn aside and down to other things out of a desire for temporal things. -Saint Augustine': 1} 
defend {'Against criticism a man can neither protest nor defend himself; he must act in spite of it, and then it will gradually yield to him. -Johann Wolfgang von Goethe': 1, 'To defend Western Europe we have to let the Pentagon buy all these tanks and guns and things, and the Pentagon is unable to buy any object that that costs less than a condominium in Vail. If the Pentagon needs, say, fruit, it will argue that it must have fruit that can withstand the rigors of combat conditions, and it will wind up purchasing the FX-700 Seedless Tactical Grape, which will cost $160,000 per bunch, and will have an 83 percent failure rate. -Dave Barry': 1} 
chaos {'In all chaos there is a cosmos, in all disorder a secret order. -Carl Jung': 1} 
critics {'By a curious confusion, many modern critics have passed from the proposition that a masterpiece may be unpopular to the other proposition that unless it is unpopular it cannot be a masterpiece. -GK Chesterton': 1} 
performs {"Duties are not performed for duty's sake, but because their neglect would make the man uncomfortable. A man performs but one duty - the duty of contenting his spirit, the duty of making himself agreeable to himself. -Mark Twain": 1} 
cause {'The leading cause of death among fashion models is falling through street grates. -Dave Barry': 1, 'Government consists in nothing else but so controlling subjects that they shall neither be able to, nor have cause to do it harm. -Nicolo Machiavelli': 1} 
one's {"It is impossible to experience one's death objectively and still carry a tune. -Woody Allen": 1, "To be pleased with one's limits is a wretched state. -Johann Wolfgang von Goethe": 1, "Learning carries within itself certain dangers because out of necessity one has to learn from one's enemies. -Leon Trotsky": 1, "It is necessary for the welfare of society that genius should be privileged to utter sedition, to blaspheme, to outrage good taste, to corrupt the youthful mind, and generally to scandalize one's uncles. -George Bernard Shaw": 1, "What is a wedding? Webster's dictionary defines a wedding as 'the process of removing weeds from one's garden.' -Homer Simpson": 1, "This is slavery, not to speak one's thought. -Euripides": 1} 
perish {'If you will not fight for the right when you can easily win without bloodshed; if you will not fight when your victory will be sure and not too costly; you may come to the moment when you will have to fight with all the odds against you and only a small chance of survival. There may even be a worse case: you may have to fight when there is no hope of victory, because it is better to perish than to live as slaves. -Winston Churchill': 1} 
dictionary {"What is a wedding? Webster's dictionary defines a wedding as 'the process of removing weeds from one's garden.' -Homer Simpson": 1} 
southern {'Washington is a city of Southern efficiency and Northern charm. -John F. Kennedy': 1, "Nothing is wrong with Southern California that a rise in the ocean level wouldn't cure. -Kenneth Millar": 1} 
fourteen {'When you work seven days a week, fourteen hours a day, you get lucky. -Armand Hammer': 1} 
approaches {'Idealism is fine, but as it approaches reality, the costs become prohibitive. -William F. Buckley': 1, 'Rhis is to be asserted in general of men: that they are ungrateful, fickle, false, cowardly, covetous, and as long as you succeed, are yours entirely; they will offer you their blood, property, life, and children...when the need is far distant; but when it approaches, they will turn against you. -Nicolo Machiavelli': 1, 'Guard with jealous attention the public liberty. Suspect everyone who approaches that jewel. -Patrick Henry': 1} 
surely {'Surely what a man does when he is caught off his guard is the best evidence as to what sort of man he is. -C.S. Lewis': 1, 'The mystic chords of memory, stretching from every battlefield and patriot grave to every living heart and hearthstone all over this broad land, will yet swell the chorus of the Union, when again touched, as surely they will be, by the better angels of our nature. -Abraham Lincoln': 1} 
york {'Man [has] always assumed that he was more intelligent than dolphins because he had achieved so much-the wheel, New York, wars and so on-while all the dolphins had ever done was muck about in the water having a good time. But conversely, the dolphins had always believed that they were far more intelligent than man-for precisely the same reason. -Douglas Adams': 1, 'From the prodigious hilltops of New Hampshire, let freedom ring. From the mighty mountains of New York, let freedom ring. From the heightening Alleghenies of Pennsylvania, let freedom ring. But not only that: Let freedom ring from every hill and molehill of Mississippi. -Martin Luther King Jr.': 1} 
region {"The puritanism of Christianity has played havoc with the moderation that an enlightened and tolerant critical spirit would have produced. I've noticed that in whatever country, county, town, or other region there is a regulation enjoining temperance, the population seems to be entirely composed of teetotallers and drunkards. There's a Bible on that shelf there. But I keep it next to Voltaire - poison and antidote. -Bertrand Russell": 1} 
shortest {'A few hours of mountain climbing turn a villain and a saint into two rather equal creature. Exhaustion is the shortest way to equality and fraternity, and liberty is added eventually by sleep. -Friedrich Nietzsche': 1} 
robin williams {'She is not perfect. You are not perfect. The question is whether or not you are perfect for each other. -Robin Williams': 1, "Ah, yes, divorce...from the Latin word meaning to rip out a man's genitals through his wallet. -Robin Williams": 1, "Cocaine is God's way of telling someone that they're too rich. -Robin Williams": 1} 
scary {"To me, clowns aren't funny. In fact, they're kinda scary. I've wondered where this started, and I think it goes back to the time I went to the circus and a clown killed my dad. -Jack Handey": 1} 
yard {'Goldie and I did have a car stolen right out of our yard. It took us three days to notice. -Kurt Russell': 1} 
prepare {'Let him who desires peace prepare for war. -Vegetius': 1} 
could {"Never continue in a job you don't enjoy. If you're happy in what you're doing, you'll like yourself, you'll have inner peace. And if you have that, along with physical health, you will have had more success than you could possibly have imagined. -Johnny Carson": 1, 'The Bible is not my book, and Christianity is not my religion. I could never give assent to the long, complicated statements of Christian dogma. -Abraham Lincoln': 1, 'I could not handle being a woman, I would stay home all day and play with my breasts. -Steve Martin': 1, 'The worst thing that could happen to anybody, would be to not be used for anything by anybody. -Kurt Vonnegut': 1, "I think, at a child's birth, if a mother could ask a fairy godmother to endow it with the most useful gift, that gift should be curiosity. -Eleanor Roosevelt": 1, 'Men have always been afraid that women could get along without them. -Margaret Mead': 1, "If you could kick the person in the pants responsible for most of your trouble, you wouldn't sit for a month. -Theodore Roosevelt": 1, 'It has been said that man is a rational animal. All my life I have been searching for evidence which could support this. -Bertrand Russell': 1, 'I went out to the country so i could examine the simple things in life. -Henry Thoreau': 1, 'That is the true season of love, when we believe that we alone can love, that no one could ever have loved so before us, and that no one will love in the same way after us. -Johann Wolfgang von Goethe': 1} 
scars {'Some of your countrymen were unable to distinguish between their native dislike for war and the stainless patriotism of those who suffered its scars. But there has been a rethinking and now we can say to you, and say as a nation, thank you for your courage. -Ronald Reagan': 1, 'Show me your hands. Do they have scars from giving? Show me your feet. Are they wounded in service? Show me your heart. Have you left a place for divine love? -Fulton J. Sheen': 1} 
times {'I think and think for months and years, ninety-nine times, the conclusion is false. The hundredth time I am right. -Albert Einstein': 1, 'A successful marriage requires falling in love many times, always with the same person. -Germaine Greer': 1, 'Few people think more than two or three times a year. I have made an international reputation for myself by thinking once or twice a week. -George Bernard Shaw': 1, 'Cooking was invented in prehistoric times, when a primitive tribe had a lucky accident. The tribe had killed an animal and was going to eat it raw, when a tribe member named Woog tripped and dropped it into the fire. At first the other tribe members were angry at Woog, but then, as the aroma of burning meat filled the air, they had an idea. So they ate Woog raw. -Dave Barry': 1, 'Love is a fruit in season at all times, and within reach of every hand. -Mother Teresa': 1, 'For each illness that doctors cure with medicine, they provoke ten in healthy people by inoculating them with the virus that is a thousand times more powerful than any microbe: the idea that one is ill. -Marcel Proust': 1, 'When nothing seems to help, I go and look at a stonecutter hammering away at his rock perhaps a hundred times without as much as a crack showing in it. Yet at the hundred and first blow it will split in two, and I know it was not that blow that did it, but all that had gone before. -Jacob August Riis': 1, 'Cowards die many times before their deaths. The valiant never taste of death but once. -William Shakespeare': 1, 'The ACLU is always yakking about the Constitution, and most of us are getting mighty tired of it. I mean, if the Constitution is so great, how come it was amended so many times? Huh? -Dave Barry': 1} 
ralph waldo emerson {'God enters by a private door into every individual. -Ralph Waldo Emerson': 1, 'Let the river roll which way it will, cities will rise on its banks. -Ralph Waldo Emerson': 1, 'Rings and jewels are not gifts but apologies for gifts. The only true gift is a portion of yourself. -Ralph Waldo Emerson': 1, 'We ascribe beauty to that which is simple; which has no superfluous parts; which exactly answers its end; which stands related to all things; which is the mean of many extremes. -Ralph Waldo Emerson': 1, 'It is one of the blessings of old friends that you can afford to be stupid with them. -Ralph Waldo Emerson': 1, 'What you do speaks so loudly that I cannot hear what you say. -Ralph Waldo Emerson': 1, 'The best of life is conversation, and the greatest success is confidence, or perfect understanding between two people. -Ralph Waldo Emerson': 1} 
conversation {"Don't knock the weather; nine-tenths of the people couldn't start a conversation if it didn't change once in a while. -Kin Hubbard": 1, 'You find out more about God from the Moral Law than from the univerise in general just as you find out more about a man by listening to his conversation than by looking at a house he has built. -C.S. Lewis': 1, 'You can discover more about a person in an hour of play than in a year of conversation. -Plato': 1, 'The best of life is conversation, and the greatest success is confidence, or perfect understanding between two people. -Ralph Waldo Emerson': 1} 
length {'No sooner do we depart from sense and instinct to follow reason but we are insensibly drawn into uncouth paradoxes, difficulties, and inconsistencies, which multiply and grow upon us as we advance in speculation; till at length, having wandered through many intricate mazes, we find ourselves just where we were, or, which is worse, sit down in a forlorn scepticism. -George Berkeley': 1, 'Happiness makes up in height for what it lacks in length. -Robert Frost': 1} 
jill's {"If Jack's in love, he's no judge of Jill's beauty. -Benjamin Franklin": 1} 
removing {"What is a wedding? Webster's dictionary defines a wedding as 'the process of removing weeds from one's garden.' -Homer Simpson": 1} 
timed {'Well-timed silence hath more eloquence than speech. -Martin Farquhar Tupper': 1} 
alleghenies {'From the prodigious hilltops of New Hampshire, let freedom ring. From the mighty mountains of New York, let freedom ring. From the heightening Alleghenies of Pennsylvania, let freedom ring. But not only that: Let freedom ring from every hill and molehill of Mississippi. -Martin Luther King Jr.': 1} 
mad {'Get mad, then get over it. -Colin Powell': 1} 
degree {"Everybody can be great... because anybody can serve. You don't have to have a college degree to serve. You don't have to make your subject and verb agree to serve. You only need a heart full of grace. A soul generated by love. -Martin Luther King Jr.": 1, 'The Nation which indulges toward another an habitual hatred or an habitual fondness is in some degree a slave. It is a slave to its animosity or to its affection, either of which is sufficient to lead it astray from its duty and its interest. -George Washington': 1, "Anybody can become angry - that is easy, but to be angry with the right person and to the right degree and at the right time and for the right purpose, and in the right way - that is not within everybody's power and is not easy. -Aristotle": 1} 
busybodies {"Of all tyrannies, a tyranny exercised for the good of its victims may be the most oppressive. It may be better to live under robber barons than under omnipotent moral busybodies. The robber baron's cruelty may sometimes sleep, his cupidity may at some point be satiated; but those who torment us for our own good will torment us without end, for they do so with the approval of their own conscience. -C.S. Lewis": 1} 
possessing {'To have the reputation of possessing the most perfect social tact, talk to every woman as if you loved her, and to every man as if he bored you. -Oscar Wilde': 1} 
powerful {'I like television. I still believe that television is the most powerful form of communication on Earth -- I just hate what is being done with it. -Alton Brown': 1, 'We should take care not to make the intellect our god; it has, of course, powerful muscles, but no personality. -Albert Einstein': 1, 'For each illness that doctors cure with medicine, they provoke ten in healthy people by inoculating them with the virus that is a thousand times more powerful than any microbe: the idea that one is ill. -Marcel Proust': 1, 'A powerful idea communicates some of its strength to him who challenges it. -Marcel Proust': 1} 
jesus {'Alexander, Caesar, Charlemagne, and myself founded empires; but what foundation did we rest the creations of our genius? Upon force. Jesus Christ founded an empire upon love; and at this hour millions of men would die for Him. -Napoleon Bonaparte': 1, 'To assert that the earth revolves around the sun is as erroneous as to claim that Jesus was not born of a virgin. -Cardinal Bellarmine': 1} 
stark {'How did it happen that their lips came together? How does it happen that birds sing, that snow melts, that the rose unfolds, that the dawn whitens behind the stark shapes of trees on the quivering summit of the hill? A kiss, and all was said. -Victor Hugo': 1} 
charles darwin {'Ignorance more frequently begets confidence than does knowledge. -Charles Darwin': 1, 'Nothing before had ever made me thoroughly realise, though I had read various scientific books, that science consists in grouping facts so that general laws or conclusions may be drawn from them. -Charles Darwin': 1} 
patriotism {'Some of your countrymen were unable to distinguish between their native dislike for war and the stainless patriotism of those who suffered its scars. But there has been a rethinking and now we can say to you, and say as a nation, thank you for your courage. -Ronald Reagan': 1, 'Of course the people dont want war...that is understood. But voice or no voice, the people can always be brought to the bidding of the leaders. That is easy. All you have to do is tell them they are being attacked, and denounce the pacifists for lack of patriotism and exposing the country to danger. It works the same in any country. -Hermann Goering': 1, "One of the great attractions of patriotism -- it fulfills our worst wishes. In the person of our nation we are able, vicariously, to bully and cheat. Bully and cheat, what's more, with a feeling that we are profoundly virtuous. -Aldous Huxley": 1, 'Patriotism is not short, frenzied outbursts of emotion, but the tranquil and steady dedication of a lifetime. -Adlai Stevenson': 1, 'True patriotism hates injustice in its own land more than anywhere else. -Clarence Darrow': 1} 
precisely {'Man [has] always assumed that he was more intelligent than dolphins because he had achieved so much-the wheel, New York, wars and so on-while all the dolphins had ever done was muck about in the water having a good time. But conversely, the dolphins had always believed that they were far more intelligent than man-for precisely the same reason. -Douglas Adams': 1, 'Christ died for men precisely because men are not worth dying for; to make them worth it. -C.S. Lewis': 1, 'Errors of haste are seldom committed singly. The first time a man always does too much. And precisely on that account he commits a second error, and then he does too little. -Friedrich Nietzsche': 1} 
quality {'Imagination is a quality given a man to compensate him for what he is not, and a sense of humor was provided to console him for what he is. -Oscar Wilde': 1, 'The health of a democratic society may be measured by the quality of functions performed by private citizens. -Alexis de Tocqueville': 1, "Associate yourself with men of good quality if you esteem your own reputation; for 'tis better to be alone than in bad company. -George Washington": 1} 
you're {"We all want progress, but if you're on the wrong road, progress means doing an about-turn and walking back to the right road; in that case, the man who turns back soonest is the most progressive. -C.S. Lewis": 1, "The movie's director is the pilot. It's his vision. For an actor, the time to worry about flying is when you're on the ground. If you don't want to fly with the director, don't get on the plane. -Denzel Washington": 1, "Christmas is a time when you get homesick, even when you're home. -Carol Nelson": 1, "I'm not normally a religious man, but if you're up there, save me, Superman! -Homer Simpson": 1, "Never continue in a job you don't enjoy. If you're happy in what you're doing, you'll like yourself, you'll have inner peace. And if you have that, along with physical health, you will have had more success than you could possibly have imagined. -Johnny Carson": 2, "Remember, if you smoke after sex you're doing it too fast. -Woody Allen": 1, "We seem to be going through a period of nostalgia, and everyone seems to think yesterday was better than today. I don't think it was, and I would advise you not to wait ten years before admitting today was great. If you're hung up on nostalgia, pretend today is yesterday and just go out and have one hell of a time. -Art Buchwald": 1, "Life is what happens to you while you're busy making other plans. -John Lennon": 1, "If everything seems under control, you're just not going fast enough. -Mario Andretti": 1, "It is a good idea to ''shop around'' before you settle on a doctor. Ask about the condition of his Mercedes. Ask about the competence of his mechanic. Don't be shy! After all, you're paying for it. -Dave Barry": 1, "The function of RAM is to give us guys a way of deciding whose computer has the biggest, studliest, most tumescent MEMORY. This is important, because with today's complex software, the more memory a computer has, the faster it can produce error messages. So the bottom line is, if you're a guy, you cannot have enough RAM. -Dave Barry": 1, "If you're afraid to ask the question, it's probably because you already know the answer. -Miriam M. Wynn": 1, "You know you're getting old when the candles cost more than the cake. -Bob Hope": 1, "Is there anything more beautiful than a beautiful, beautiful flamingo, flying across in front of a beautiful sunset? And he's carrying a beautiful rose in his beak, and also he's carrying a very beautiful painting with his feet. And also, you're drunk. -Jack Handey": 1, "You got to be very careful if you don't know where you're going, because you might not get there. -Yogi Berra": 1, "If you're in a boxing match, try not to let the other guy's glove touch your lips, because you don't know where that glove has been. -Jack Handey": 1, "When you're through changing, you're through. -Bruce Barton": 2, "I cried because I had no shoes, 'till I met a man who had no feet. So I said, 'You got any shoes you're not using'? -Steven Wright": 1} 
prudes {"We all wish to be judged by our peers, by the men 'after our own heart.' Only they really know our mind and only they judge it by standards we fully acknowledge. Theirs is the praise we really covet and the blame we really dread. The little pockets of early Chrstians survived because they cared exclusively for the love of 'the bretheren' and stopped their ears to the opinion of the Pagan society around them. But a circle of criminals, cranks, or perverts survives in just the same way; by becoming deaf to the opinion of the outer world, by discounting it as the chatter of outsiders who 'don't understand,' of the 'conventional,' the 'bourgeois,' the 'Establishment,' of prigs, prudes, and humbugs. -C.S. Lewis": 1} 
los {"I love Thanksgiving. It's the only time in Los Angeles that you see natural breasts. -Arnold Schwarzenegger": 1} 
festival {'There is nothing funny about Halloween. This sarcastic festival reflects, rather, an infernal demand for revenge by children on the adult world. -Jean Baudrillard': 1} 
unknown {'To explain the unknown by the known is a logical procedure; to explain the known by the unknown is a form of theological lunacy. -David Brooks': 2} 
vulgar {'The MPAA rates this PG-13. It is too vulgar for anyone under 13, and too dumb for anyone over 13. -Roger Ebert': 1} 
system {'It must be remembered that there is nothing more difficult to plan, more doubtful of success nor more dangerous to manage than the creation of a new system. For the initiator has the enmity of all who profit by the preservation of the old institution and merely lukewarm defenders in those who would gain by the new one. -Nicolo Machiavelli': 1, "Life is not a support system for art. It's the other way around. -Stephen King": 1, 'Experts tell us that if the Millennium Bug is not fixed, when the year 2000 arrives, our financial records will be inaccurate, our telephone system will be unreliable, our government will be paralyzed and airline flights will be canceled without warning. In other words, things will be pretty much the same as they are now. -Dave Barry': 1, 'Thus the metric system did not really catch on in the States, unless you count the increasing popularity of the nine-millimeter bullet. -Dave Barry': 1} 
their {'It is astonishing what an effort it seems to be for many people to put their brains definitely and systematically to work. -Thomas Edison': 1, 'Women are the only realists; their whole object in life is to pit their realism against the extravagant, excessive, and occasionally drunken idealism of men. -GK Chesterton': 2, 'Nobody can have the consolations of religion or philosophy unless he has first experienced their desolations. -Aldous Huxley': 1, 'Back in the old days, most families were close-knit. Grown children and their parents continued to live together, under the same roof, sometimes in the same small, crowded room, year in and year out, until they died, frequently by strangulation. -Dave Barry': 1, 'Cowards die many times before their deaths. The valiant never taste of death but once. -William Shakespeare': 1, 'How did it happen that their lips came together? How does it happen that birds sing, that snow melts, that the rose unfolds, that the dawn whitens behind the stark shapes of trees on the quivering summit of the hill? A kiss, and all was said. -Victor Hugo': 1, 'Why, you can take the most gallant sailor, the most intrepid airman or the most audacious soldier, put them at a table together - what do you get? The sum of their fears. -Winston Churchill': 1, "Duties are not performed for duty's sake, but because their neglect would make the man uncomfortable. A man performs but one duty - the duty of contenting his spirit, the duty of making himself agreeable to himself. -Mark Twain": 1, 'There are fathers who do not love their children; there is no grandfather who does not adore his grandson. -Victor Hugo': 1, "There are people who put their dreams in a little box and say, Yes, I've got dreams, of course I've got dreams. Then they put the box away and bring it out once in awhile to look in it, and yep, they're still there. -Erna Bombeck": 1, 'There are painters who transform the sun to a yellow spot, but there are others who with the help of their art and their intelligence, transform a yellow spot into the sun. -Pablo Picasso': 2, 'Karate is a form of marital arts in which people who have had years and years of training can, using only their hands and feet, make some of the worst movies in the history of the world. -Dave Barry': 1, 'Our attitude towards others determines their attitude towards us. -Earl Nightingale': 1, 'Some of your countrymen were unable to distinguish between their native dislike for war and the stainless patriotism of those who suffered its scars. But there has been a rethinking and now we can say to you, and say as a nation, thank you for your courage. -Ronald Reagan': 1, "I love argument, I love debate. I don't expect anyone just to sit there and agree with me, that's not their job. -Margaret Thatcher": 1, "Of all tyrannies, a tyranny exercised for the good of its victims may be the most oppressive. It may be better to live under robber barons than under omnipotent moral busybodies. The robber baron's cruelty may sometimes sleep, his cupidity may at some point be satiated; but those who torment us for our own good will torment us without end, for they do so with the approval of their own conscience. -C.S. Lewis": 1, 'If my children wake up on Christmas morning and have someone to thank for putting candy in their stocking, have I no one to thank for putting two feet in mine? -GK Chesterton': 1, 'If men will not act for themselves, what will they do when the benefit of their effort is for all? -Elbert Hubbard': 1, 'All men are timid on entering any fight. Whether it is the first or the last fight, all of us are timid. Cowards are those who let their timidity get the better of their manhood. -George Patton': 2, 'Men show their characters in nothing more clearly than in what they think laughable. -Johann Wolfgang von Goethe': 1, 'Death and life have their determined appointments; riches and honors depend upon heaven. -Confucius': 1, 'Rome remained free for four hundred years and Sparta eight hundred, although their citizens were armed all that time; but many other states that have been disarmed have lost their liberties in less than forty years. -Nicolo Machiavelli': 2, "We all wish to be judged by our peers, by the men 'after our own heart.' Only they really know our mind and only they judge it by standards we fully acknowledge. Theirs is the praise we really covet and the blame we really dread. The little pockets of early Chrstians survived because they cared exclusively for the love of 'the bretheren' and stopped their ears to the opinion of the Pagan society around them. But a circle of criminals, cranks, or perverts survives in just the same way; by becoming deaf to the opinion of the outer world, by discounting it as the chatter of outsiders who 'don't understand,' of the 'conventional,' the 'bourgeois,' the 'Establishment,' of prigs, prudes, and humbugs. -C.S. Lewis": 1, 'Mothers are fonder than fathers of their children because they are more certain they are their own. -Aristotle': 2, "The nice thing about being a celebrity is that, if you bore people, they think it's their fault. -Henry Kissinger": 1, 'I believe one of the reasons so many do not get a higher education is the fear of their parents that they will lose more morally than they will receive mentally. -William Jennings Bryan': 1, 'PRESIDENT, n. The leading figure in a small group of men of whom \x97 and of whom only \x97 it is positively known that immense numbers of their countrymen did not want any of them for President. -Ambrose Bierce': 1, 'No doubt those who really founded modern science were usually those whose love of truth exceeded their love of power. -C.S. Lewis': 1, 'Rhis is to be asserted in general of men: that they are ungrateful, fickle, false, cowardly, covetous, and as long as you succeed, are yours entirely; they will offer you their blood, property, life, and children...when the need is far distant; but when it approaches, they will turn against you. -Nicolo Machiavelli': 1, 'Every year, back comes Spring, with nasty little birds yapping their fool heads off and the ground all mucked up with plants. -Dorothy Parker': 1, 'People sleep peaceably in their beds at night only because rough men stand ready to do violence on their behalf. -George Orwell': 2, "Mothers all want their sons to grow up to be president, but they don't want them to become politicians in the process. -John F. Kennedy": 1, 'Those who forget good and evil and seek only to know the facts are more likely to achieve good than those who view the world through the distorting medium of their own desires. -Bertrand Russell': 1, 'If all our misfortunes were laid in one common heap, whence everyone must take an equal portion, most people would be content to take their own and depart. -Socrates': 1, "The days of looking the other way while despotic regimes trample human rights, rob their nations' wealth, and then excuse their failings by feeding their people a steady diet of anti-Western hatred are over. -Dick Cheney": 3} 
attack {'I always cheer up immensely if an attack is particularly wounding because I think, well, if they attack one personally, it means they have not a single political argument left. -Margaret Thatcher': 2} 
wrapped {'He wrapped himself in quotations--as a beggar would enfold himself in the purple of Emperors. -Rudyard Kipling': 1} 
god's {"God's colors all are fast. -John Greenleaf Whittier": 1, "Cocaine is God's way of telling someone that they're too rich. -Robin Williams": 1, "I just want to do God's will. -Martin Luther King Jr.": 1} 
mario andretti {"If everything seems under control, you're just not going fast enough. -Mario Andretti": 1} 
erich fromm {"Immature love says: 'I love you because I need you.' Mature love says: 'I need you because I love you.' -Erich Fromm": 1} 
tyrants {'There is only one force of history that can break the reign of hatred and resentment, and expose the pretensions of tyrants, and reward the hopes of the decent and tolerant, and that is the force of human freedom. -George W. Bush': 1} 
punish {'The act of policing is, in order to punish less often, to punish more severely. -Napoleon Bonaparte': 2} 
explanation {'To one who has faith, no explanation is necessary. To one without faith, no explanation is possible. -Thomas Aquinas': 2, "You cannot go on 'explaining away' for ever: you will find that you have explained explanation itself away. You cannot go on 'seeing through' things for ever. The whole point of seeing through something is to see something through it. -C.S. Lewis": 1} 
exactly {'We ascribe beauty to that which is simple; which has no superfluous parts; which exactly answers its end; which stands related to all things; which is the mean of many extremes. -Ralph Waldo Emerson': 1, "I'm the type who'd be happy not going anywhere as long as I was sure I knew exactly what was happening at the places I wasn't going to. I'm the type who'd like to sit home and watch every party that I'm invited to on a monitor in my bedroom. -Andy Warhol": 1, 'There is a theory which states that if ever anyone discovers exactly what the Universe is for and why it is here, it will instantly disappear and be replaced by something even more bizarre and inexplicable. There is another theory which states that this has already happened. -Douglas Adams': 1} 
emasculated {'In any fairly large and talkative community such as a university there is always the danger that those who think alike should gravitate together where they will henceforth encounter opposition only in the emasculated form of rumour that the outsiders say thus and thus. The absent are easily refuted, complacent dogmatism thrives, and differences of opinion are embittered by the group hostility. Each group hears not the best, but the worst, that the other group can say. -C.S. Lewis': 1} 
branches {'There are a thousand hacking at the branches of evil to one who is striking at the root. -Henry Thoreau': 1} 
overwhelming {'Never give in--never, never, never, never, in nothing great or small, large or petty, never give in except to convictions of honour and good sense. Never yield to force; never yield to the apparently overwhelming might of the enemy. -Winston Churchill': 1} 
institution {'It must be remembered that there is nothing more difficult to plan, more doubtful of success nor more dangerous to manage than the creation of a new system. For the initiator has the enmity of all who profit by the preservation of the old institution and merely lukewarm defenders in those who would gain by the new one. -Nicolo Machiavelli': 1} 
neck {'To you taxpayers out there, let me say this: Make sure you file your tax return on time! And remember that, even though income taxes can be a \x93pain in the neck,\x94 the folks at the IRS are regular people just like you, except that they can destroy your life. -Dave Barry': 1} 
loved {'To have the reputation of possessing the most perfect social tact, talk to every woman as if you loved her, and to every man as if he bored you. -Oscar Wilde': 1, 'The greatest happiness of life is the conviction that we are loved, loved for ourselves, or rather, loved in spite of ourselves. -Victor Hugo': 3, 'Being is desirable because it is identical with Beauty, and Beauty is loved because it is Being. We ourselves possess Beauty when we are true to our own being; ugliness is in going over to another order; knowing ourselves, we are beautiful; in self-ignorance, we are ugly. -Ambrose Bierce': 1, "I didn't come to Washington to be loved and I haven't been disappointed. -Philip L. Gramm": 1, 'That is the true season of love, when we believe that we alone can love, that no one could ever have loved so before us, and that no one will love in the same way after us. -Johann Wolfgang von Goethe': 1} 
photograph {"You don't take a photograph, you make it. -Ansel Adams": 1} 
warfare {'I feel impelled to speak today in a language that in a sense is new-one which I, who have spent so much of my life in the military profession, would have preferred never to use. That new language is the language of atomic warfare. -Dwight Eisenhower': 1, 'You know what the fellow said: In Italy for thirty years under the Borgias they had warfare, terror, murder, and bloodshed, but they produced Michaelangelo, Leonardo Da Vinci, and the Renaissance. In Switzerland, they had brotherly love--they had five hundred years of democracy and peace, and what did they produce? The cuckoo clock. -Orson Welles': 1} 
aspiration {'I believe the highest aspiration of man should be individual freedom and the development of the individual. -Ronald Reagan': 1} 
riches {'Death and life have their determined appointments; riches and honors depend upon heaven. -Confucius': 1} 
richer {'New knowledge is the most valuable commodity on earth. The more truth we have to work with, the richer we become. -Kurt Vonnegut': 1} 
tireless {"It does not require a majority to prevail, but rather an irate, tireless minority keen to set brush fires in people's minds. -Samuel Adams": 1} 
claim {"You give me a credit to which I have no claim in calling me 'the writer of the Constitution of the United States.' This was not, like the fabled Goddess of Wisdom, the offspring of a single brain. It ought to be regarded as the work of many heads and many hands. -James Madison": 1, 'To assert that the earth revolves around the sun is as erroneous as to claim that Jesus was not born of a virgin. -Cardinal Bellarmine': 1} 
compensation {'If we will be quiet and ready enough, we shall find compensation in every disappointment. -Henry Thoreau': 1} 
individual {'God enters by a private door into every individual. -Ralph Waldo Emerson': 1, 'I believe the highest aspiration of man should be individual freedom and the development of the individual. -Ronald Reagan': 2} 
circumspect {'It is better to be bold than too circumspect, because fortune is of a sex which likes not a tardy wooer and repulses all who are not ardent. -Nicolo Machiavelli': 1} 
loves {'When an American says that he loves his country, he means not only that he loves the New England hills, the prairies glistening in the sun, the wide and rising plains, the great mountains, and the sea. He means that he loves an inner air, an inner light in which freedom lives and in which a man can draw the breath of self-respect. -Adlai Stevenson': 3, 'God loves each of us as if there were only one of us. -Saint Augustine': 1, 'I have often wondered how it is that every man loves himself more than all the rest of men, but yet sets less value on his own opinion of himself than on the opinion of others. -Marcus Aurelius': 1} 
candles {"You know you're getting old when the candles cost more than the cake. -Bob Hope": 1} 
embody {'I arrive at the end of this review having done my duty as a critic. I have described the movie accurately and you have a good idea what you are in for if you go to see it. Most of you will not. I cannot argue with you. Some of you will--the brave and the curious. You embody the spirit of the man who first wondered what it would taste like to eat an oyster. -Roger Ebert': 1} 
rate {'To defend Western Europe we have to let the Pentagon buy all these tanks and guns and things, and the Pentagon is unable to buy any object that that costs less than a condominium in Vail. If the Pentagon needs, say, fruit, it will argue that it must have fruit that can withstand the rigors of combat conditions, and it will wind up purchasing the FX-700 Seedless Tactical Grape, which will cost $160,000 per bunch, and will have an 83 percent failure rate. -Dave Barry': 1} 
irredeemable {'Love anything and your heart will be wrung and possibly broken. If you want to make sure of keeping it intact you must give it to no one, not even an animal. Wrap it carefully round with hobbies and little luxuries; avoid all entanglements. Lock it up safe in the casket or coffin of your selfishness. But in that casket, safe, dark, motionless, airless, it will change. It will not be broken; it will become unbreakable, impenetrable, irredeemable. To love is to be vulnerable. -C.S. Lewis': 1} 
collecting {'Collecting more taxes than is absolutely necessary is legalized robbery. -Calvin Coolidge': 1} 
perverts {"We all wish to be judged by our peers, by the men 'after our own heart.' Only they really know our mind and only they judge it by standards we fully acknowledge. Theirs is the praise we really covet and the blame we really dread. The little pockets of early Chrstians survived because they cared exclusively for the love of 'the bretheren' and stopped their ears to the opinion of the Pagan society around them. But a circle of criminals, cranks, or perverts survives in just the same way; by becoming deaf to the opinion of the outer world, by discounting it as the chatter of outsiders who 'don't understand,' of the 'conventional,' the 'bourgeois,' the 'Establishment,' of prigs, prudes, and humbugs. -C.S. Lewis": 1} 
false {'There is no strength in unbelief. Even the unbelief of what is false is no source of might. It is the truth shining from behind that gives the strength to disbelieve. -George MacDonald': 1, 'Rhis is to be asserted in general of men: that they are ungrateful, fickle, false, cowardly, covetous, and as long as you succeed, are yours entirely; they will offer you their blood, property, life, and children...when the need is far distant; but when it approaches, they will turn against you. -Nicolo Machiavelli': 1, 'I think and think for months and years, ninety-nine times, the conclusion is false. The hundredth time I am right. -Albert Einstein': 1} 
surrendered {'Obstacles do not exist to be surrendered to, but only to be broken. -Adolf Hitler': 1} 
beggar {'He wrapped himself in quotations--as a beggar would enfold himself in the purple of Emperors. -Rudyard Kipling': 1} 
survives {"We all wish to be judged by our peers, by the men 'after our own heart.' Only they really know our mind and only they judge it by standards we fully acknowledge. Theirs is the praise we really covet and the blame we really dread. The little pockets of early Chrstians survived because they cared exclusively for the love of 'the bretheren' and stopped their ears to the opinion of the Pagan society around them. But a circle of criminals, cranks, or perverts survives in just the same way; by becoming deaf to the opinion of the outer world, by discounting it as the chatter of outsiders who 'don't understand,' of the 'conventional,' the 'bourgeois,' the 'Establishment,' of prigs, prudes, and humbugs. -C.S. Lewis": 1} 
bisexual {'The good thing about being bisexual is that it doubles your chance of a date on a Saturday night. -Woody Allen': 1, "I like to say that I'm bisexual...when I want sex, I buy it. -Boy George": 1} 
curves {'In life, as in art, the beautiful moves in curves. -Edward Bulwer-Lytton': 1} 
corrupt {"It is necessary for the welfare of society that genius should be privileged to utter sedition, to blaspheme, to outrage good taste, to corrupt the youthful mind, and generally to scandalize one's uncles. -George Bernard Shaw": 1, 'Corrupt politicians make the other ten percent look bad. -Henry Kissinger': 1} 
comfortably {'If society fits you comfortably enough, you call it freedom. -Robert Frost': 1} 
torment {"Of all tyrannies, a tyranny exercised for the good of its victims may be the most oppressive. It may be better to live under robber barons than under omnipotent moral busybodies. The robber baron's cruelty may sometimes sleep, his cupidity may at some point be satiated; but those who torment us for our own good will torment us without end, for they do so with the approval of their own conscience. -C.S. Lewis": 2} 
have {"May God have mercy upon my enemies, because I won't. -George Patton": 1, 'Chicago sounds rough to the maker of verse. One comfort we have: Cincinnati sounds worse. -Oliver Wendell Holmes': 1, 'The power of accurate observation is commonly called cynicism by those who have not got it. -George Bernard Shaw': 1, "The puritanism of Christianity has played havoc with the moderation that an enlightened and tolerant critical spirit would have produced. I've noticed that in whatever country, county, town, or other region there is a regulation enjoining temperance, the population seems to be entirely composed of teetotallers and drunkards. There's a Bible on that shelf there. But I keep it next to Voltaire - poison and antidote. -Bertrand Russell": 1, 'It has been said that man is a rational animal. All my life I have been searching for evidence which could support this. -Bertrand Russell': 1, 'Life is no brief candle to me. It is a sort of splendid torch which I have got a hold of for the moment, and I want to make it burn as brightly as possible before handing it onto future generations. -George Bernard Shaw': 1, 'To defend Western Europe we have to let the Pentagon buy all these tanks and guns and things, and the Pentagon is unable to buy any object that that costs less than a condominium in Vail. If the Pentagon needs, say, fruit, it will argue that it must have fruit that can withstand the rigors of combat conditions, and it will wind up purchasing the FX-700 Seedless Tactical Grape, which will cost $160,000 per bunch, and will have an 83 percent failure rate. -Dave Barry': 3, 'Providence protects children and idiots. I know because I have tested it. -Mark Twain': 1, 'I have been the artist with the longest career, and I am so proud and honoured to be chosen from heaven to be invincible. -Michael Jackson': 1, 'I have never let my schooling interfere with my education. -Mark Twain': 1, 'We have it in our power to begin the world over again. -Thomas Paine': 1, "Being a leader is like being a lady, if you have to go around telling people you are one, you aren't. -Margaret Thatcher": 1, 'It is hard to fail, but it is worse never to have tried to succeed. -Theodore Roosevelt': 1, 'The great nations have always acted like gangsters, and the small nations like prostitutes. -Stanley Kubrick': 1, 'People have a way of becoming what you encourage them to be, not what you nag them to be. -Author Unknown': 1, "Those who are preoccupied with 'making a statement' usually don't have any statements worth making. -Thomas Sowell": 1, 'That is the true season of love, when we believe that we alone can love, that no one could ever have loved so before us, and that no one will love in the same way after us. -Johann Wolfgang von Goethe': 1, 'Love yourself first and everything else falls into line. You really have to love yourself to get anything done in this world. -Lucille Ball': 1, "Without computers, the government would be unable to function at the level of effectiveness and efficiency that we have come to expect.  This is because the primary function of the government is -- and here I am quoting directly from the U.S. Constitution -- 'to spew out paper.' -Dave Barry": 1, 'I feel impelled to speak today in a language that in a sense is new-one which I, who have spent so much of my life in the military profession, would have preferred never to use. That new language is the language of atomic warfare. -Dwight Eisenhower': 2, "The only kind of seafood I trust is the fish stick, a totally featureless fish that doesn't have eyeballs or fins. -Dave Barry": 1, 'The time which we have at our disposal every day is elastic; the passions we feel expand it, those that we inspire contract it, and habit fills up what remains. -Marcel Proust': 1, "I realise that I'm making gender-based generalizations here, but my feeling is that if God did not want us to make gender-based generalizations, She would not have given us genders. -Dave Barry": 1, 'If you judge people, you have no time to love them. -Mother Teresa': 1, 'It is by the goodness of God that, in this country, we have three benefits: freedom of speech, freedom of thought, and the wisdom never to use either. -Mark Twain': 1, 'I have never been hurt by what I have not said. -Calvin Coolidge': 2, 'Nobody can have the consolations of religion or philosophy unless he has first experienced their desolations. -Aldous Huxley': 1, 'Goldie and I did have a car stolen right out of our yard. It took us three days to notice. -Kurt Russell': 1, "We've got to live. No matter how many skies have fallen. -D.H. Lawrence": 1, 'I hope that when you are my age, you will be able to say as I have been able to say: We lived in freedom. We lived lives that were a statement, not an apology. -Ronald Reagan': 1, 'That the innocent, though they may have some connexion or dependency upon the guilty (which, perhaps, they themselves cannot help), should not, upon that account, suffer or be punished for the guilty, is one of the plainest and most obvious rules of justice. -Adam Smith': 1, 'Eros will have naked bodies; Friendship naked personalities. -C.S. Lewis': 1, 'To be a philosopher is not merely to have subtle thoughts; but so to love wisdom as to live according to its dictates. -Henry Thoreau': 1, 'The cost of freedom is always high, but Americans have always paid it. And one path we shall never choose, and that is the path of surrender, or submission. -John F. Kennedy': 1, "You don't have to stay up nights to succeed; you have to stay awake days. -Author Unknown": 2, 'Karate is a form of marital arts in which people who have had years and years of training can, using only their hands and feet, make some of the worst movies in the history of the world. -Dave Barry': 1, 'If the United Nations once admits that international disputes can be settled by using force, then we will have destroyed the foundation of the organization and our best hope of establishing a world order. -Dwight Eisenhower': 1, "A man's very highest moment is, I have no doubt at all, when he kneels in the dust, and beats his breast, and tells all the sins of his life. -Oscar Wilde": 1, 'I have never taken any exercise except sleeping and resting. -Mark Twain': 1, 'Intoxicated with unbroken success, we have become too self-sufficient to feel the necessity of redeeming and preserving grace, too proud to pray to the God that made us. -Abraham Lincoln': 1, 'Have children while your parents are still young enough to take care of them. -Rita Rudner': 1, 'Of course the people dont want war...that is understood. But voice or no voice, the people can always be brought to the bidding of the leaders. That is easy. All you have to do is tell them they are being attacked, and denounce the pacifists for lack of patriotism and exposing the country to danger. It works the same in any country. -Hermann Goering': 1, "You give me a credit to which I have no claim in calling me 'the writer of the Constitution of the United States.' This was not, like the fabled Goddess of Wisdom, the offspring of a single brain. It ought to be regarded as the work of many heads and many hands. -James Madison": 1, "You cannot go on 'explaining away' for ever: you will find that you have explained explanation itself away. You cannot go on 'seeing through' things for ever. The whole point of seeing through something is to see something through it. -C.S. Lewis": 1, "The function of RAM is to give us guys a way of deciding whose computer has the biggest, studliest, most tumescent MEMORY. This is important, because with today's complex software, the more memory a computer has, the faster it can produce error messages. So the bottom line is, if you're a guy, you cannot have enough RAM. -Dave Barry": 1, 'I would not join any club that would have someone like me for a member. -Groucho Marx': 1, "I have come to the conclusion that my subjective account of my motivation is largely mythical on almost all occasions. I don't know why I do things. -J.B.S. Haldane": 1, "Never continue in a job you don't enjoy. If you're happy in what you're doing, you'll like yourself, you'll have inner peace. And if you have that, along with physical health, you will have had more success than you could possibly have imagined. -Johnny Carson": 4, 'It is only by doing things others have not that one can advance. -George Patton': 1, 'Show me your hands. Do they have scars from giving? Show me your feet. Are they wounded in service? Show me your heart. Have you left a place for divine love? -Fulton J. Sheen': 2, 'The means of defense against foreign danger historically have become the instruments of tyranny at home. -James Madison': 1, 'I have one yardstick by which I test every major problem-and that yardstick is: Is it good for America? -Dwight Eisenhower': 1, 'We have to make America the best place in the world to do business. -Dick Cheney': 1, 'All human actions have one or more of these seven causes: chance, nature, compulsions, habit, reason, passion, desire. -Aristotle': 1, 'I have often wondered how it is that every man loves himself more than all the rest of men, but yet sets less value on his own opinion of himself than on the opinion of others. -Marcus Aurelius': 1, 'Children always understand. They have open minds. They have built-in shit detectors. -Madonna Ciccone': 2, 'Few people think more than two or three times a year. I have made an international reputation for myself by thinking once or twice a week. -George Bernard Shaw': 1, 'When you have the facts on your side, argue the facts. When you have the law on your side, argue the law. When you have neither, holler. -Al Gore': 3, 'Are you entitled to the fruits of your labor or does government have some presumptive right to spend and spend and spend? -Ronald Reagan': 1, 'Let us have faith that right makes might, and in that faith, let us, to the end, dare to do our duty as we understand it. -Abraham Lincoln': 1, 'I am a strong believer in luck and I find the harder I work the more I have of it. -Benjamin Franklin': 1, 'Every difference of opinion is not a difference of principle. We have called by different names brethren of the same principle. -Thomas Jefferson': 1, 'If my children wake up on Christmas morning and have someone to thank for putting candy in their stocking, have I no one to thank for putting two feet in mine? -GK Chesterton': 2, 'If God had wanted us to spend our time fretting about the problems of home ownership, He would never have invented beer. -Dave Barry': 1, 'If we have no peace, it is because we have forgotten that we belong to each other. -Mother Teresa': 2, "This is the second most exciting indoor sport, and the other one shouldn't have spectators. -Dick Vertleib": 1, 'Death and life have their determined appointments; riches and honors depend upon heaven. -Confucius': 1, 'The reason we hold truth in such respect is because we have so little opportunity to get familiar with it. -Mark Twain': 1, 'Government consists in nothing else but so controlling subjects that they shall neither be able to, nor have cause to do it harm. -Nicolo Machiavelli': 1, "I think a good gift for the president would be a chocolate revolver. And since he's so busy, you'd probably have to run up to him and hand it to him. -Jack Handey": 1, 'There are very few monsters who warrant the fear we have of them. -Andr\xe9 Gide': 1, 'Nothing that you have not given away will ever be really yours. -C.S. Lewis': 1, "There are some who've forgotten why we have a military. It's not to promote war; it's to be prepared for peace. -Ronald Reagan": 1, "Everybody can be great... because anybody can serve. You don't have to have a college degree to serve. You don't have to make your subject and verb agree to serve. You only need a heart full of grace. A soul generated by love. -Martin Luther King Jr.": 3, 'We have the Bill of Rights. What we need is a Bill of Responsibilities. -Bill Maher': 1, 'I always cheer up immensely if an attack is particularly wounding because I think, well, if they attack one personally, it means they have not a single political argument left. -Margaret Thatcher': 1, 'Grief can take care of itself, but to get the full value of joy you must have somebody to divide it with. -Mark Twain': 1, 'If you will not fight for the right when you can easily win without bloodshed; if you will not fight when your victory will be sure and not too costly; you may come to the moment when you will have to fight with all the odds against you and only a small chance of survival. There may even be a worse case: you may have to fight when there is no hope of victory, because it is better to perish than to live as slaves. -Winston Churchill': 2, 'New knowledge is the most valuable commodity on earth. The more truth we have to work with, the richer we become. -Kurt Vonnegut': 1, "I have a hobby...I have the world's largest collection of sea shells. I keep it scattered on beaches all over the world. Maybe you've seen some of it... -Steven Wright": 2, 'To write a good love letter, you ought to begin without knowing what you mean to say and to finish without knowing what you have written. -Jean-Jacques Rousseau': 1, 'Money can help you to get medicines but not health. Money can help you to get soft pillows, but not sound sleep. Money can help you to get material comforts, but not eternal bliss. Money can help you to get ornaments, but not beauty. Money will help you to get an electric earphone, but not natural hearing. Attain the supreme wealth, wisdom, and you will have everything. -Benjamin Franklin': 1, 'By a curious confusion, many modern critics have passed from the proposition that a masterpiece may be unpopular to the other proposition that unless it is unpopular it cannot be a masterpiece. -GK Chesterton': 1, 'The Democrats seem to be basically nicer people, but they have demonstrated time and again that they have the management skills of celery. -Dave Barry': 2, 'Genius may have its limitations, but stupidity is not thus handicapped. -Elbert Hubbard': 1, 'Once you have flown, you will walk the earth with your eyes turned skywards, for there you have been, and there you long to return. -Leonardo da Vinci': 2, 'I have never started a poem yet whose end I knew. Writing a poem is discovering. -Robert Frost': 1, 'I have gathered a posie of other men\x92s flowers, and nothing but the thread that binds them is mine own. -John Bartlett': 1, 'And what\x92s romance? Usually, a nice little tale where you have everything As You Like It, where rain never wets your jacket and gnats never bite your nose and it\x92s always daisy-time. -D.H. Lawrence': 1, "We seem to be going through a period of nostalgia, and everyone seems to think yesterday was better than today. I don't think it was, and I would advise you not to wait ten years before admitting today was great. If you're hung up on nostalgia, pretend today is yesterday and just go out and have one hell of a time. -Art Buchwald": 1, 'Rome remained free for four hundred years and Sparta eight hundred, although their citizens were armed all that time; but many other states that have been disarmed have lost their liberties in less than forty years. -Nicolo Machiavelli': 2, 'The thing we all have to understand to put these last two years in focus, is that liberals in this country care more about whether European leaders like us than they do about whether terrorists are killing us. -Rush Limbaugh': 1, 'Men have always been afraid that women could get along without them. -Margaret Mead': 1, 'It is the madness of folly, to expect mercy from those who have refused to do justice; and even mercy, where conquest is the object, is only a trick of war; the cunning of the fox is as murderous as the violence of the wolf. -Thomas Paine': 1, 'Women need a reason to have sex -- men just need a place. -Billy Crystal': 1, 'If you have an apple and I have an apple and we exchange these apples then you and I will still each have one apple. But if you have an idea and I have an idea and we exchange these ideas, then each of us will have two ideas. -George Bernard Shaw': 6, 'I arrive at the end of this review having done my duty as a critic. I have described the movie accurately and you have a good idea what you are in for if you go to see it. Most of you will not. I cannot argue with you. Some of you will--the brave and the curious. You embody the spirit of the man who first wondered what it would taste like to eat an oyster. -Roger Ebert': 2, 'The man who disobeys his parents will have disobedient sons. -Nachman of Bratslav': 1, 'Fanaticism consists of redoubling your efforts when you have forgotten your aim. -George Santayana': 1, 'To have the reputation of possessing the most perfect social tact, talk to every woman as if you loved her, and to every man as if he bored you. -Oscar Wilde': 1, "I think computer viruses should count as life. I think it says something about human nature that the only form of life we have created so far is purely destructive. We've created life in our own image. -Stephen Hawking": 1} 
need {'Such is the delicacy of man alone, that no object is produced to his liking. He finds that in everything there is need for improvement. The whole industry of human life is employed not in procuring the supply of our three humble necessities, food, clothes and lodging, but in procuring the conveniences of it according to the nicety and delicacy of our tastes. -Adam Smith': 1, 'We need not just a new generation of leadership but a new gender of leadership. -Bill Clinton': 1, 'Your children need your presence more than your presents. -Jesse Jackson': 1, "Immature love says: 'I love you because I need you.' Mature love says: 'I need you because I love you.' -Erich Fromm": 2, "Everybody can be great... because anybody can serve. You don't have to have a college degree to serve. You don't have to make your subject and verb agree to serve. You only need a heart full of grace. A soul generated by love. -Martin Luther King Jr.": 1, "Having someone wonder where you are when you don't come home at night is a very old human need. -Margaret Mead": 1, 'Rhis is to be asserted in general of men: that they are ungrateful, fickle, false, cowardly, covetous, and as long as you succeed, are yours entirely; they will offer you their blood, property, life, and children...when the need is far distant; but when it approaches, they will turn against you. -Nicolo Machiavelli': 1, 'We have the Bill of Rights. What we need is a Bill of Responsibilities. -Bill Maher': 1, 'Parting is all we know of heaven and all we need to know of hell. -Emily Dickinson': 1, 'Women need a reason to have sex -- men just need a place. -Billy Crystal': 2, 'A great deal of intelligence can be invested in ignorance when the need for illusion is deep. -Saul Bellow': 1} 
apparently {'Never give in--never, never, never, never, in nothing great or small, large or petty, never give in except to convictions of honour and good sense. Never yield to force; never yield to the apparently overwhelming might of the enemy. -Winston Churchill': 1} 
clearly {'Men show their characters in nothing more clearly than in what they think laughable. -Johann Wolfgang von Goethe': 1} 
necessities {'Such is the delicacy of man alone, that no object is produced to his liking. He finds that in everything there is need for improvement. The whole industry of human life is employed not in procuring the supply of our three humble necessities, food, clothes and lodging, but in procuring the conveniences of it according to the nicety and delicacy of our tastes. -Adam Smith': 1, 'We live in an age when unnecessary things are our only necessities. -Oscar Wilde': 1} 
joseph addison {"What sunshine is to flowers, smiles are to humanity. These are but trifles, to be sure; but scattered along life's pathway, the good they do is inconceivable. -Joseph Addison": 1, 'Three grand essentials to happiness in this life are something to do, something to love, and something to hope for. -Joseph Addison': 1} 
muhammad ali {'He who is not courageous enough to take risks will accomplish nothing in life. -Muhammad Ali': 1, "I don't always know what I'm talking about but I know I'm right. -Muhammad Ali": 1} 
afraid {"If you're afraid to ask the question, it's probably because you already know the answer. -Miriam M. Wynn": 1, 'I do not believe one can settle how much we ought to give. I am afraid the only safe rule is to give more than we can spare. -C.S. Lewis': 1, 'Men have always been afraid that women could get along without them. -Margaret Mead': 1} 
pupils {'Time is a great teacher, but unfortunately it kills all its pupils. -Louis Hector Berlioz': 1} 
pursued {'All enterprises that are entered into with indiscreet zeal may be pursued with great vigor at first, but are sure to collapse in the end. -Tacitus': 1} 
bough {'The customs and fashions of men change like leaves on the bough, some of which go and others come. -Dante Alighieri': 1} 
kittens {'No matter how much cats fight, there always seem to be plenty of kittens. -Abraham Lincoln': 1} 
able {'My most brilliant achievement was my ability to be able to persuade my wife to marry me. -Winston Churchill': 1, 'I hope that when you are my age, you will be able to say as I have been able to say: We lived in freedom. We lived lives that were a statement, not an apology. -Ronald Reagan': 2, "One of the great attractions of patriotism -- it fulfills our worst wishes. In the person of our nation we are able, vicariously, to bully and cheat. Bully and cheat, what's more, with a feeling that we are profoundly virtuous. -Aldous Huxley": 1, 'To be a leader means to be able to move masses. -Adolf Hitler': 1, 'Government consists in nothing else but so controlling subjects that they shall neither be able to, nor have cause to do it harm. -Nicolo Machiavelli': 1} 
gravity {'The laws of gravity cannot be held responsible for people falling in love. -Albert Einstein': 1} 
purchasing {'To defend Western Europe we have to let the Pentagon buy all these tanks and guns and things, and the Pentagon is unable to buy any object that that costs less than a condominium in Vail. If the Pentagon needs, say, fruit, it will argue that it must have fruit that can withstand the rigors of combat conditions, and it will wind up purchasing the FX-700 Seedless Tactical Grape, which will cost $160,000 per bunch, and will have an 83 percent failure rate. -Dave Barry': 1} 
best {'My dream is of a place and a time where America will once again be seen as the last best hope of earth. -Abraham Lincoln': 1, 'I think the best possible social program is a job. -Ronald Reagan': 1, 'The best defense against usurpatory government is an assertive citizenry. -William F. Buckley': 1, 'In any fairly large and talkative community such as a university there is always the danger that those who think alike should gravitate together where they will henceforth encounter opposition only in the emasculated form of rumour that the outsiders say thus and thus. The absent are easily refuted, complacent dogmatism thrives, and differences of opinion are embittered by the group hostility. Each group hears not the best, but the worst, that the other group can say. -C.S. Lewis': 1, "The statistics on sanity are that one out of every four Americans are suffering from some form of mental illness. Think of your three best friends. If they're okay, then it's you. -Rita Mae Brown": 1, "Man's best possession is a sympathetic wife. -Euripides": 1, 'The best and most beautiful things in the world cannot be seen or even touched. They must be felt with the heart. -Helen Keller': 1, 'Good manners will open doors that the best education cannot. -Clarence Thomas': 1, 'The best way to win an argument is to begin by being right. -Jill Ruckleshaus': 1, 'My aim is to put down on paper what I see and what I feel in the best and simplest way. -Ernest Hemingway': 1, 'In any moment of decision, the best thing you can do is the right thing. The worst thing you can do is nothing. -Theodore Roosevelt': 1, 'Marriage is our last, best chance to grow up. -Joseph Barth': 1, 'Surely what a man does when he is caught off his guard is the best evidence as to what sort of man he is. -C.S. Lewis': 1, 'We have to make America the best place in the world to do business. -Dick Cheney': 1, 'Sacred cows make the best hamburger. -Mark Twain': 1, 'If the United Nations once admits that international disputes can be settled by using force, then we will have destroyed the foundation of the organization and our best hope of establishing a world order. -Dwight Eisenhower': 1, 'The best of life is conversation, and the greatest success is confidence, or perfect understanding between two people. -Ralph Waldo Emerson': 1} 
which {'Slang is the language which takes off its coat, spits on its hands - and goes to work. -Carl Sandburg': 1, 'It is the dissimilarities and inequalities among men which give rise to the notion of honor; as such differences become less, it grows feeble; and when they disappear, it will vanish too. -Alexis de Tocqueville': 1, 'There is a theory which states that if ever anyone discovers exactly what the Universe is for and why it is here, it will instantly disappear and be replaced by something even more bizarre and inexplicable. There is another theory which states that this has already happened. -Douglas Adams': 2, 'The hour of departure has arrived, and we go our ways - I to die, and you to live. Which is better God only knows. -Plato': 1, 'In framing a government which is to be administered by men over men the great difficulty lies in this: You must first enable the government to control the governed, and in the next place, oblige it to control itself. -Alexander Hamilton': 1, 'I have one yardstick by which I test every major problem-and that yardstick is: Is it good for America? -Dwight Eisenhower': 1, 'It is always thus, impelled by a state of mind which is destined not to last, that we make our irrevocable decisions. -Marcel Proust': 1, 'The Nation which indulges toward another an habitual hatred or an habitual fondness is in some degree a slave. It is a slave to its animosity or to its affection, either of which is sufficient to lead it astray from its duty and its interest. -George Washington': 2, 'It has been said that man is a rational animal. All my life I have been searching for evidence which could support this. -Bertrand Russell': 1, 'Democratic nations must try to find ways to starve the terrorist and the hijacker of the oxygen of publicity on which they depend. -Margaret Thatcher': 1, 'The intellect is not a serious thing, and never has been. It is an instrument on which one plays, that is all. -Oscar Wilde': 1, 'When an American says that he loves his country, he means not only that he loves the New England hills, the prairies glistening in the sun, the wide and rising plains, the great mountains, and the sea. He means that he loves an inner air, an inner light in which freedom lives and in which a man can draw the breath of self-respect. -Adlai Stevenson': 2, 'It is error alone which needs the support of government. Truth can stand by itself. -Thomas Jefferson': 1, 'Music expresses that which cannot be said and on which it is impossible to be silent. -Victor Hugo': 2, 'To defend Western Europe we have to let the Pentagon buy all these tanks and guns and things, and the Pentagon is unable to buy any object that that costs less than a condominium in Vail. If the Pentagon needs, say, fruit, it will argue that it must have fruit that can withstand the rigors of combat conditions, and it will wind up purchasing the FX-700 Seedless Tactical Grape, which will cost $160,000 per bunch, and will have an 83 percent failure rate. -Dave Barry': 1, 'We ascribe beauty to that which is simple; which has no superfluous parts; which exactly answers its end; which stands related to all things; which is the mean of many extremes. -Ralph Waldo Emerson': 5, 'Humility is the foundation of all the other virtues hence, in the soul in which this virtue does not exist there cannot be any other virtue except in mere appearance. -Saint Augustine': 1, 'It is better to be bold than too circumspect, because fortune is of a sex which likes not a tardy wooer and repulses all who are not ardent. -Nicolo Machiavelli': 1, "Reality is that which, when you stop believing in it, doesn't go away. -Phillip K. Dick": 1, 'After silence, that which comes nearest to expressing the inexpressible is Music. -Aldous Huxley': 1, 'Karate is a form of marital arts in which people who have had years and years of training can, using only their hands and feet, make some of the worst movies in the history of the world. -Dave Barry': 1, 'Regarding the debate about faith and works: It\x92s like asking which blade in a pair of scissors is most important. -C.S. Lewis': 1, 'Death is psychologically as important as birth. Shrinking away from it is something unhealthy and abnormal which robs the second half of life of its purpose. -Carl Jung': 1, 'Wedding: a ceremony at which two persons undertake to become one, one undertakes to become nothing, and nothing undertakes to become supportable. -Ambrose Bierce': 1, 'I feel impelled to speak today in a language that in a sense is new-one which I, who have spent so much of my life in the military profession, would have preferred never to use. That new language is the language of atomic warfare. -Dwight Eisenhower': 1, 'The heart has its reasons, of which the mind knows nothing. -Blaise Pascal': 1, 'I mistrust the judgment of every man in a case in which his own wishes are concerned. -Daniel Webster': 1, 'No sooner do we depart from sense and instinct to follow reason but we are insensibly drawn into uncouth paradoxes, difficulties, and inconsistencies, which multiply and grow upon us as we advance in speculation; till at length, having wandered through many intricate mazes, we find ourselves just where we were, or, which is worse, sit down in a forlorn scepticism. -George Berkeley': 2, 'The customs and fashions of men change like leaves on the bough, some of which go and others come. -Dante Alighieri': 1, "I'm a middle age white guy, which means I'm constantly reminded that my particular group is responsible for the oppression of every known minority PLUS most wars PLUS government corruption PLUS pollution of the environment, not to mention that it was middle-age white guys who killed Bambi's mom. -Dave Barry": 1, "You give me a credit to which I have no claim in calling me 'the writer of the Constitution of the United States.' This was not, like the fabled Goddess of Wisdom, the offspring of a single brain. It ought to be regarded as the work of many heads and many hands. -James Madison": 1, 'A Native American elder once described his own inner struggles in this manner: Inside of me there are two dogs. One of the dogs is mean and evil. The other dog is good. The mean dog fights the good dog all the time. When asked which dog wins, he reflected. -George Bernard Shaw': 1, "Some folks look at me and see a certain swagger, which in Texas is called 'walking.' -George W. Bush": 1, 'There is hardly a political question in the United States which does not sooner or later turn into a judicial one. -Alexis de Tocqueville': 1, 'That the innocent, though they may have some connexion or dependency upon the guilty (which, perhaps, they themselves cannot help), should not, upon that account, suffer or be punished for the guilty, is one of the plainest and most obvious rules of justice. -Adam Smith': 1, 'Television is a medium of entertainment which permits millions of people to listen to the same joke at the same time, and yet remain lonesome. -T.S. Eliot': 1, 'Life is no brief candle to me. It is a sort of splendid torch which I have got a hold of for the moment, and I want to make it burn as brightly as possible before handing it onto future generations. -George Bernard Shaw': 1, "A mathematician is a blind man in a dark room looking for a black cat which isn't there. -Charles Robert": 1, 'Under the doctrine of the separation of powers, the manner in which the president personally exercises his assigned executive powers is not subject to questioning by another branch of government. -Richard Nixon': 1, 'Sin has many tools, but a lie is the handle which fits them all. -Edmund Burke': 1, 'Politics is perhaps the only profession for which no preparation is thought necessary. -Robert Louis Stevenson': 1, 'The direction in which education starts a man will determine his future life. -Plato': 1, 'Love is the master key which opens the gates of happiness. -Oliver Wendell Holmes': 1, 'A government which robs Peter to pay Paul can always depend on the support of Paul. -George Bernard Shaw': 1, 'Thinking is the hardest work there is, which is the probable reason why so few engage in it. -Henry Ford': 1, 'Maturity is a bitter disappointment for which no remedy exists, unless laughter can be said to remedy anything. -Kurt Vonnegut': 1, 'The nation which forgets its defenders will be itself forgotten. -Calvin Coolidge': 1, 'The time which we have at our disposal every day is elastic; the passions we feel expand it, those that we inspire contract it, and habit fills up what remains. -Marcel Proust': 1, 'Words which do not give the light of Christ increase the darkness. -Mother Teresa': 1, 'Let the river roll which way it will, cities will rise on its banks. -Ralph Waldo Emerson': 1} 
mucked {'Every year, back comes Spring, with nasty little birds yapping their fool heads off and the ground all mucked up with plants. -Dorothy Parker': 1} 
honestly {'I honestly think it is better to be a failure at something you love than to be a success at something you hate. -George Burns': 1} 
competence {"It is a good idea to ''shop around'' before you settle on a doctor. Ask about the condition of his Mercedes. Ask about the competence of his mechanic. Don't be shy! After all, you're paying for it. -Dave Barry": 1} 
reciting {'Before reciting his prayers, a man should give to charity. -Nachman of Bratslav': 1} 
mark twain {"I didn't attend the funeral, but I sent a nice letter saying I approved of it. -Mark Twain": 1, "History doesn't repeat itself, but it does rhyme. -Mark Twain": 1, 'A man is never more truthful than when he acknowledges himself a liar. -Mark Twain': 1, 'The man who does not read good books has no advantage over the man who cannot read them. -Mark Twain': 1, "It ain't what you don't know that gets you into trouble. It's what you know for sure that just ain't so. -Mark Twain": 1, 'There are several good protections against temptation, but the surest is cowardice. -Mark Twain': 1, "You can't depend on your eyes when your imagination is out of focus. -Mark Twain": 1, "Duties are not performed for duty's sake, but because their neglect would make the man uncomfortable. A man performs but one duty - the duty of contenting his spirit, the duty of making himself agreeable to himself. -Mark Twain": 1, 'I have never let my schooling interfere with my education. -Mark Twain': 1, 'Providence protects children and idiots. I know because I have tested it. -Mark Twain': 1, 'One of the striking differences between a cat and a lie is that a cat has only nine lives. -Mark Twain': 1, 'Of all the animals, man is the only one that lies. -Mark Twain': 1, "Don't go around saying the world owes you a living. The world owes you nothing. It was here first. -Mark Twain": 1, 'I have never taken any exercise except sleeping and resting. -Mark Twain': 1, 'The reason we hold truth in such respect is because we have so little opportunity to get familiar with it. -Mark Twain': 1, 'Your faith is what you believe, not what you know. -Mark Twain': 1, "The only way to keep your health is to eat what you don't want, drink what you don't like, and do what you'd rather not. -Mark Twain": 1, 'Sacred cows make the best hamburger. -Mark Twain': 1, 'It is by the goodness of God that, in this country, we have three benefits: freedom of speech, freedom of thought, and the wisdom never to use either. -Mark Twain': 1, 'Man is the only animal that blushes - or needs to. -Mark Twain': 1, 'It is better to keep your mouth closed and let people think you are a fool than to open it and remove all doubt. -Mark Twain': 1, 'When the human race has once acquired a supersitition nothing short of death is ever likely to remove it. -Mark Twain': 1, "Humor is mankind's greatest blessing. -Mark Twain": 1, 'Grief can take care of itself, but to get the full value of joy you must have somebody to divide it with. -Mark Twain': 1} 
unless {"There cannot be true democracy unless women's voices are heard. -Hillary Clinton": 1, 'Thus the metric system did not really catch on in the States, unless you count the increasing popularity of the nine-millimeter bullet. -Dave Barry': 1, 'By a curious confusion, many modern critics have passed from the proposition that a masterpiece may be unpopular to the other proposition that unless it is unpopular it cannot be a masterpiece. -GK Chesterton': 1, 'There can be no liberty unless there is economic liberty. -Margaret Thatcher': 1, "Talent alone won't make you a success. Neither will being in the right place at the right time, unless you are ready. The most important question is: 'Are you ready?' -Johnny Carson": 1, 'Maturity is a bitter disappointment for which no remedy exists, unless laughter can be said to remedy anything. -Kurt Vonnegut': 1, "Unless the religious claims of the Bible are again acknowledged, its literary claims will, I think, be given only 'mouth honour' and that decreasingly. -C.S. Lewis": 1, 'Nobody can have the consolations of religion or philosophy unless he has first experienced their desolations. -Aldous Huxley': 1} 
combat {'To defend Western Europe we have to let the Pentagon buy all these tanks and guns and things, and the Pentagon is unable to buy any object that that costs less than a condominium in Vail. If the Pentagon needs, say, fruit, it will argue that it must have fruit that can withstand the rigors of combat conditions, and it will wind up purchasing the FX-700 Seedless Tactical Grape, which will cost $160,000 per bunch, and will have an 83 percent failure rate. -Dave Barry': 1} 
knees {'Certain thoughts are prayers. There are moments when, whatever be the attitude of the body, the soul is on its knees. -Victor Hugo': 1} 
ernest hemingway {'The writer\x92s job is not to judge, but to seek to understand. -Ernest Hemingway': 1, 'My aim is to put down on paper what I see and what I feel in the best and simplest way. -Ernest Hemingway': 1} 
who {'Ten people who speak make more noise than ten thousand who are silent. -Napoleon Bonaparte': 2, 'As Mankind becomes more liberal, they will be more apt to allow that all those who conduct themselves as worthy members of the community are equally entitled to the protections of civil government. I hope ever to see America among the foremost nations of justice and liberality. -George Washington': 1, "Many of life's failures are people who did not realize how close they were to success when they gave up. -Thomas Edison": 1, 'Beauty is ever to the lonely mind a shadow fleeting; she is never plain. She is a visitor who leaves behind the gift of grief, the souvenir of pain. -Christopher Morley': 1, 'It must be remembered that there is nothing more difficult to plan, more doubtful of success nor more dangerous to manage than the creation of a new system. For the initiator has the enmity of all who profit by the preservation of the old institution and merely lukewarm defenders in those who would gain by the new one. -Nicolo Machiavelli': 2, 'He who is not courageous enough to take risks will accomplish nothing in life. -Muhammad Ali': 1, 'The power of accurate observation is commonly called cynicism by those who have not got it. -George Bernard Shaw': 1, 'There are fathers who do not love their children; there is no grandfather who does not adore his grandson. -Victor Hugo': 2, 'Hanging is too good for a man who makes puns -- he should be drawn and quoted. -Fred Allen': 1, 'Humility must always be the portion of any man who receives acclaim earned in blood of his followers and sacrifices of his friends. -Dwight Eisenhower': 1, 'There are a thousand hacking at the branches of evil to one who is striking at the root. -Henry Thoreau': 1, 'Guard with jealous attention the public liberty. Suspect everyone who approaches that jewel. -Patrick Henry': 1, 'Many who seem to be struggling with adversity are happy; many, amid great affluence, are utterly miserable. -Tacitus': 1, 'No man will make a great leader who wants to do it all himself or get all the credit for doing it. -Andrew Carnegie': 1, 'If there is any principle of the Constitution that more imperatively calls for attachment than any other it is the principle of free thought, not free thought for those who agree with us but freedom for the thought that we hate. -Oliver Wendell Holmes': 1, 'The man who does not read good books has no advantage over the man who cannot read them. -Mark Twain': 2, 'Those who believe they are exclusively in the right are generally those who achieve something. -Aldous Huxley': 2, 'I hate war as only a soldier who has lived it can, only as one who has seen its brutality, its futility, its stupidity. -Dwight Eisenhower': 2, 'I arrive at the end of this review having done my duty as a critic. I have described the movie accurately and you have a good idea what you are in for if you go to see it. Most of you will not. I cannot argue with you. Some of you will--the brave and the curious. You embody the spirit of the man who first wondered what it would taste like to eat an oyster. -Roger Ebert': 1, 'Those who bring sunshine to the lives of others, cannot keep it from themselves. -James Matthew Barrie': 1, 'It is the madness of folly, to expect mercy from those who have refused to do justice; and even mercy, where conquest is the object, is only a trick of war; the cunning of the fox is as murderous as the violence of the wolf. -Thomas Paine': 1, 'Marriage is the alliance of two people, one of whom never remembers birthdays and the other who never forgets. -Ogden Nash': 1, 'One definition of an economist is somebody who sees something happen in practice and wonders if it will work in theory. -Ronald Reagan': 1, 'In any fairly large and talkative community such as a university there is always the danger that those who think alike should gravitate together where they will henceforth encounter opposition only in the emasculated form of rumour that the outsiders say thus and thus. The absent are easily refuted, complacent dogmatism thrives, and differences of opinion are embittered by the group hostility. Each group hears not the best, but the worst, that the other group can say. -C.S. Lewis': 1, 'Fear not those who argue but those who dodge. -Dale Carnegie': 2, 'If a man is called to be a streetsweeper, he should sweep streets even as Michelangelo painted, or Beethoven composed music, or Shakespeare wrote poetry. He should sweep streets so well that all the host of heaven and earth will pause to say, here lived a great streetsweeper who did his job well. -Martin Luther King Jr.': 1, 'Who does not thank for little will not thank for much. -Author Unknown': 1, 'It is better to be bold than too circumspect, because fortune is of a sex which likes not a tardy wooer and repulses all who are not ardent. -Nicolo Machiavelli': 1, "There are people who put their dreams in a little box and say, Yes, I've got dreams, of course I've got dreams. Then they put the box away and bring it out once in awhile to look in it, and yep, they're still there. -Erna Bombeck": 1, 'Those who expect to reap the blessings of freedom must, like men, undergo the fatigue of supporting it. -Thomas Paine': 1, 'There are painters who transform the sun to a yellow spot, but there are others who with the help of their art and their intelligence, transform a yellow spot into the sun. -Pablo Picasso': 2, 'Karate is a form of marital arts in which people who have had years and years of training can, using only their hands and feet, make some of the worst movies in the history of the world. -Dave Barry': 1, '\x93Take a chance! All life is a chance. The man who goes farthest is generally the one who is willing to do and dare. -Dale Carnegie': 2, 'Anyone who invokes authors in discussion is not using his intelligence but his memory. -Leonardo da Vinci': 1, 'A powerful idea communicates some of its strength to him who challenges it. -Marcel Proust': 1, 'He therefore is the truest friend to the liberty of this country who tries most to promote its virtue, and who, so far as his power and influence extend, will not suffer a man to be chosen into any office of power and trust who is not a wise and virtuous man. -Samuel Adams': 3, 'I feel impelled to speak today in a language that in a sense is new-one which I, who have spent so much of my life in the military profession, would have preferred never to use. That new language is the language of atomic warfare. -Dwight Eisenhower': 1, 'There is a great deal of difference between an eager man who wants to read a book and the tired man who wants a book to read. -GK Chesterton': 2, "Of all tyrannies, a tyranny exercised for the good of its victims may be the most oppressive. It may be better to live under robber barons than under omnipotent moral busybodies. The robber baron's cruelty may sometimes sleep, his cupidity may at some point be satiated; but those who torment us for our own good will torment us without end, for they do so with the approval of their own conscience. -C.S. Lewis": 1, "I cried because I had no shoes, 'till I met a man who had no feet. So I said, 'You got any shoes you're not using'? -Steven Wright": 1, 'To one who has faith, no explanation is necessary. To one without faith, no explanation is possible. -Thomas Aquinas': 1, "We all want progress, but if you're on the wrong road, progress means doing an about-turn and walking back to the right road; in that case, the man who turns back soonest is the most progressive. -C.S. Lewis": 1, "No distance of place or lapse of time can lessen the friendship of those who are thoroughly persuaded of each other's worth. -Robert Southey": 1, 'Never discourage anyone who continually makes progress, no matter how slow. -Plato': 1, "A diplomat is a man who always remembers a woman's birthday but never remembers her age. -Robert Frost": 1, "God help the man who won't marry until he finds a perfect woman, and God help him still more if he finds her. -Benjamin Tillet": 1, 'It behooves every man to remember that the work of the critic is of altogether secondary importance, and that, in the end, progress is accomplished by the man who does things. -Theodore Roosevelt': 1, 'He who learns but does not think, is lost! He who thinks but does not learn is in great danger. -Confucius': 2, 'There are men in all ages who mean to govern well, but they mean to govern. They promise to be good masters, but they mean to be masters. -Daniel Webster': 1, "Democracy means that anyone can grow up to be president, and anyone who doesn't grow up can be vice president. -Johnny Carson": 1, "I'm a middle age white guy, which means I'm constantly reminded that my particular group is responsible for the oppression of every known minority PLUS most wars PLUS government corruption PLUS pollution of the environment, not to mention that it was middle-age white guys who killed Bambi's mom. -Dave Barry": 1, "I'm never going to be famous. My name will never be writ large on the roster of Those Who Do Things. I don't do any thing. Not one single thing. I used to bite my nails, but I don't even do that any more. -Dorothy Parker": 1, 'All men are timid on entering any fight. Whether it is the first or the last fight, all of us are timid. Cowards are those who let their timidity get the better of their manhood. -George Patton': 1, "Advice to young writers who want to get ahead without annoying delays: don\x92t write about Man, write about 'a' man. -E.B. White": 1, "We all wish to be judged by our peers, by the men 'after our own heart.' Only they really know our mind and only they judge it by standards we fully acknowledge. Theirs is the praise we really covet and the blame we really dread. The little pockets of early Chrstians survived because they cared exclusively for the love of 'the bretheren' and stopped their ears to the opinion of the Pagan society around them. But a circle of criminals, cranks, or perverts survives in just the same way; by becoming deaf to the opinion of the outer world, by discounting it as the chatter of outsiders who 'don't understand,' of the 'conventional,' the 'bourgeois,' the 'Establishment,' of prigs, prudes, and humbugs. -C.S. Lewis": 1, 'Some of your countrymen were unable to distinguish between their native dislike for war and the stainless patriotism of those who suffered its scars. But there has been a rethinking and now we can say to you, and say as a nation, thank you for your courage. -Ronald Reagan': 1, "When this girl at the museum asked me who I liked better, Monet or Manet, I said, 'I like mayonnaise.' She just stared at me, so I said it again, louder. Then she left. I guess she went to try to find some mayonnaise for me. -Jack Handey": 1, 'There are very few monsters who warrant the fear we have of them. -Andr\xe9 Gide': 1, 'A leader is a man who can adapt principles to circumstances. -George Patton': 1, 'He who controls the present, controls the past. He who controls the past, controls the future. -George Orwell': 2, "A grandmother pretends she doesn't know who you are on Halloween. -Erna Bombeck": 1, "A 'geek' by definition is someone who eats live animals....I've never eaten live animals. -Crispin Glover": 1, 'He who is of calm and happy nature will hardly feel the pressure of age, but to him who is of an opposite disposition youth and age are equally a burden. -Plato': 2, 'The biggest bore is the person who is bored by everyone and everything. -Frank Tyger': 1, 'No doubt those who really founded modern science were usually those whose love of truth exceeded their love of power. -C.S. Lewis': 1, 'Ocean: A body of water occupying 2/3 of a world made for man...who has no gills. -Ambrose Bierce': 1, "Speeches are for the younger men who are going places. And I'm not going anyplace except six feet under the floor of that little chapel adjoining the museum and library at Abilene. -Dwight Eisenhower": 1, 'The truth is always a trick to those who live among lies. -Author Unknown': 1, 'Every gun that is made, every warship launched, every rocket fired, signifies in the final sense a theft from those who hunger and are not fed, those who are cold and are not clothed. -Dwight Eisenhower': 2, "Having a male gynecologist is like going to an auto mechanic who doesn't own a car. -Carrie Snow": 1, 'Those who make peaceful revolution impossible will make violent revolution inevitable. -John F. Kennedy': 1, 'An optimist is a person who starts a new diet on Thanksgiving Day. -Irv Kupcinet': 1, 'Any reviewer who expresses rage and loathing for a novel is preposterous. He or she is like a person who has put on full armor and attacked a hot fudge sundae. -Kurt Vonnegut': 2, 'Those who forget good and evil and seek only to know the facts are more likely to achieve good than those who view the world through the distorting medium of their own desires. -Bertrand Russell': 2, 'We know life is futile. A man who considers that his life is of very wonderful importance is awfully close to a padded cell. -Clarence Darrow': 1, 'Anyone who has never made a mistake has never tried anything new. -Albert Einstein': 1, "Those who are preoccupied with 'making a statement' usually don't have any statements worth making. -Thomas Sowell": 1, 'A man who desires to get married should know either everything or nothing. -Oscar Wilde': 1, 'Let him who desires peace prepare for war. -Vegetius': 1, 'The man who disobeys his parents will have disobedient sons. -Nachman of Bratslav': 1} 
greased {'PRESIDENCY, n. The greased pig in the field game of American politics. -Ambrose Bierce': 1} 
eight {'Rome remained free for four hundred years and Sparta eight hundred, although their citizens were armed all that time; but many other states that have been disarmed have lost their liberties in less than forty years. -Nicolo Machiavelli': 1, 'Nothing separates the generations more than music. By the time a child is eight or nine, he has developed a passion for his own music that is even stronger than his passions for procrastination and weird clothes. -Bill Cosby': 1} 
ogden nash {"Middle age is when you've met so many people that every new person you meet reminds you of someone else. -Ogden Nash": 1, 'Marriage is the alliance of two people, one of whom never remembers birthdays and the other who never forgets. -Ogden Nash': 1} 
hearthstone {'The mystic chords of memory, stretching from every battlefield and patriot grave to every living heart and hearthstone all over this broad land, will yet swell the chorus of the Union, when again touched, as surely they will be, by the better angels of our nature. -Abraham Lincoln': 1} 
awe {'The United States stands at the pinnacle of world power. This is a solemn moment for the American democracy. For with primacy in power is joined an awe-inspiring accountability for the future. -Winston Churchill': 1, 'Everyone is in awe of the lion tamer in a cage with half a dozen lions -- everyone but a school bus driver. -Laurence Peter': 1} 
wounding {'I always cheer up immensely if an attack is particularly wounding because I think, well, if they attack one personally, it means they have not a single political argument left. -Margaret Thatcher': 1} 
why {'Christmas can be celebrated in the school room with pine trees, tinsel and reindeers, but there must be no mention of the man whose birthday is being celebrated. One wonders how a teacher would answer if a student asked why it was called Christmas. -Ronald Reagan': 1, 'Why, you can take the most gallant sailor, the most intrepid airman or the most audacious soldier, put them at a table together - what do you get? The sum of their fears. -Winston Churchill': 1, "Why are people's ''deepest desires'' always so shallow? -Author Unknown": 1, "There are some who've forgotten why we have a military. It's not to promote war; it's to be prepared for peace. -Ronald Reagan": 1, 'There is a theory which states that if ever anyone discovers exactly what the Universe is for and why it is here, it will instantly disappear and be replaced by something even more bizarre and inexplicable. There is another theory which states that this has already happened. -Douglas Adams': 1, "I had a dream the other night. I dreamed that Jimmy Carter came to me and asked why I wanted his job. I told him I didn't want his job. I want to be President. -Ronald Reagan": 1, 'Thinking is the hardest work there is, which is the probable reason why so few engage in it. -Henry Ford': 1, "Don't ever take a fence down until you know why it was put up. -Robert Frost": 1, "I have come to the conclusion that my subjective account of my motivation is largely mythical on almost all occasions. I don't know why I do things. -J.B.S. Haldane": 1} 
henry kissinger {"No side will win the Battle of the Sexes. There's too much fraternizing with the enemy. -Henry Kissinger": 1, 'The illegal we do immediately. The unconstitutional takes a little longer. -Henry Kissinger': 1, "Art is man's expression of his joy in labor. -Henry Kissinger": 1, "The nice thing about being a celebrity is that, if you bore people, they think it's their fault. -Henry Kissinger": 1, 'If eighty percent of your sales come from twenty percent of all of your items, just carry those twenty percent. -Henry Kissinger': 1, 'Corrupt politicians make the other ten percent look bad. -Henry Kissinger': 1} 
deny {'All men are frauds. The only difference between them is that some admit it. I myself deny it. -Henry Mencken': 1} 
overmuch {'Nobody expects to trust his body overmuch after the age of fifty. -Alexander Hamilton': 1} 
stronger {'Nothing separates the generations more than music. By the time a child is eight or nine, he has developed a passion for his own music that is even stronger than his passions for procrastination and weird clothes. -Bill Cosby': 1} 
disease {'Everything that used to be a sin is now a disease. -Bill Maher': 1} 
face {".I had to face the horrible truth: The antitobacco people are lying. Smoking really is cool. And I'm less cool for not doing it. -Tucker Carlson": 1, 'Laughter is the sun that drives winter from the human face. -Victor Hugo': 1, 'The significant problems we face cannot be solved at the same level of thinking we were at when we created them. -Albert Einstein': 1} 
astonishing {'It is astonishing what an effort it seems to be for many people to put their brains definitely and systematically to work. -Thomas Edison': 1} 
you'll {"Don't take life too seriously; you'll never get out of it alive. -Elbert Hubbard": 1, "Never continue in a job you don't enjoy. If you're happy in what you're doing, you'll like yourself, you'll have inner peace. And if you have that, along with physical health, you will have had more success than you could possibly have imagined. -Johnny Carson": 2} 
absurd {'I thought it completely absurd to mention my name in the same breath as the Presidency. -Dwight Eisenhower': 1} 
movie {'A star on a movie set is like a time bomb. That bomb has got to be defused so people can approach it without fear. -Jack Nicholson': 1, 'I arrive at the end of this review having done my duty as a critic. I have described the movie accurately and you have a good idea what you are in for if you go to see it. Most of you will not. I cannot argue with you. Some of you will--the brave and the curious. You embody the spirit of the man who first wondered what it would taste like to eat an oyster. -Roger Ebert': 1} 
wounded {'Show me your hands. Do they have scars from giving? Show me your feet. Are they wounded in service? Show me your heart. Have you left a place for divine love? -Fulton J. Sheen': 1} 
constrain {'War - an act of violence whose object is to constrain the enemy, to accomplish our will. -George Washington': 1} 
painting {"Is there anything more beautiful than a beautiful, beautiful flamingo, flying across in front of a beautiful sunset? And he's carrying a beautiful rose in his beak, and also he's carrying a very beautiful painting with his feet. And also, you're drunk. -Jack Handey": 1, 'Painting is just another way of keeping a diary. -Pablo Picasso': 1} 
jacob august riis {'When nothing seems to help, I go and look at a stonecutter hammering away at his rock perhaps a hundred times without as much as a crack showing in it. Yet at the hundred and first blow it will split in two, and I know it was not that blow that did it, but all that had gone before. -Jacob August Riis': 1} 
fact {"It is a scientific fact that your body will not absorb cholesterol if you take it from another person's plate. -Dave Barry": 1, "To me, clowns aren't funny. In fact, they're kinda scary. I've wondered where this started, and I think it goes back to the time I went to the circus and a clown killed my dad. -Jack Handey": 1} 
gore {'If Al Gore invented the Internet, I invented spell check. -Dan Quayle': 1} 
eminently {'Life is a fatal complaint, and an eminently contagious one. -Oliver Wendell Holmes': 1} 
billy crystal {'Women need a reason to have sex -- men just need a place. -Billy Crystal': 1} 
burners {"Don't join the book burners. Do not think you are going to conceal thoughts by concealing evidence that they ever existed. -Dwight Eisenhower": 1} 
indoor {"This is the second most exciting indoor sport, and the other one shouldn't have spectators. -Dick Vertleib": 1} 
unseen {'There is no question that there is an unseen world. The problem is, how far is it from midtown and how late is it open? -Woody Allen': 1} 
bring {'Those who bring sunshine to the lives of others, cannot keep it from themselves. -James Matthew Barrie': 1, 'Experience proves this, or that, or nothing, according to the preconceptions we bring to it. -C.S. Lewis': 1, "You know, there's a million fine looking women in the world, dude. But they don't all bring you lasagna at work. Most of 'em just cheat on you. -Kevin Smith": 1, "There are people who put their dreams in a little box and say, Yes, I've got dreams, of course I've got dreams. Then they put the box away and bring it out once in awhile to look in it, and yep, they're still there. -Erna Bombeck": 1} 
democrats {'The Democrats seem to be basically nicer people, but they have demonstrated time and again that they have the management skills of celery. -Dave Barry': 1} 
bedroom {"I'm the type who'd be happy not going anywhere as long as I was sure I knew exactly what was happening at the places I wasn't going to. I'm the type who'd like to sit home and watch every party that I'm invited to on a monitor in my bedroom. -Andy Warhol": 1} 
utter {"It is necessary for the welfare of society that genius should be privileged to utter sedition, to blaspheme, to outrage good taste, to corrupt the youthful mind, and generally to scandalize one's uncles. -George Bernard Shaw": 1, 'It is unbecoming for young men to utter maxims. -Aristotle': 1} 
rough {'Chicago sounds rough to the maker of verse. One comfort we have: Cincinnati sounds worse. -Oliver Wendell Holmes': 1, 'People sleep peaceably in their beds at night only because rough men stand ready to do violence on their behalf. -George Orwell': 1} 
longer {'I made this letter longer than usual because I lack the time to make it short. -Blaise Pascal': 1, 'The illegal we do immediately. The unconstitutional takes a little longer. -Henry Kissinger': 1, 'Knowledge that is paid for will be longer remembered. -Nachman of Bratslav': 1} 
economist {'One definition of an economist is somebody who sees something happen in practice and wonders if it will work in theory. -Ronald Reagan': 1} 
debate {"I love argument, I love debate. I don't expect anyone just to sit there and agree with me, that's not their job. -Margaret Thatcher": 1, 'Regarding the debate about faith and works: It\x92s like asking which blade in a pair of scissors is most important. -C.S. Lewis': 1, 'Deliberation and debate is the way you stir the soul of our democracy. -Jesse Jackson': 1} 
o {"Forgive, O Lord, my little jokes on Thee, and I'll forgive Thy great big joke on me. -Robert Frost": 1} 
envy {'I am Envy. I cannot read and therefore wish all books burned. -Christopher Marlowe': 1} 
pause {'If a man is called to be a streetsweeper, he should sweep streets even as Michelangelo painted, or Beethoven composed music, or Shakespeare wrote poetry. He should sweep streets so well that all the host of heaven and earth will pause to say, here lived a great streetsweeper who did his job well. -Martin Luther King Jr.': 1} 
based {"I realise that I'm making gender-based generalizations here, but my feeling is that if God did not want us to make gender-based generalizations, She would not have given us genders. -Dave Barry": 2, 'The greatness of our country has been based on our thinking that everyone has a right even to be wrong. -Ronald Reagan': 1} 
knowledge {'Ignorance more frequently begets confidence than does knowledge. -Charles Darwin': 1, 'The recipe for perpetual ignorance is: be satisfied with your opinions and content with your knowledge. -Elbert Hubbard': 1, 'To know what is impenetrable to us really exists, manifesting itself as the highest wisdom and the most radiant beauty...this knowledge, this feeling is at the center of true religiousness. -Albert Einstein': 1, 'Knowledge that is paid for will be longer remembered. -Nachman of Bratslav': 1, 'It is always more difficult to fight against faith than against knowledge. -Adolf Hitler': 1, 'Information is not knowledge. -Albert Einstein': 1, 'Knowledge comes, but wisdom lingers. -Calvin Coolidge': 1, 'Knowledge rests not upon truth alone, but upon error also. -Carl Jung': 1, 'New knowledge is the most valuable commodity on earth. The more truth we have to work with, the richer we become. -Kurt Vonnegut': 1, 'Where knowledge ends, religion begins. -Benjamin Disraeli': 1} 
earned {'Humility must always be the portion of any man who receives acclaim earned in blood of his followers and sacrifices of his friends. -Dwight Eisenhower': 1} 
controls {'He who controls the present, controls the past. He who controls the past, controls the future. -George Orwell': 4, 'Trust the people. This is the one irrefutable lesson of the entire postwar period contradicting the notion that rigid government controls are essential to economic development. -Ronald Reagan': 1} 
should {"You should do your own car repairs. It's an easy way to save money and possibly maim yourself for life. -Dave Barry": 1, 'In any fairly large and talkative community such as a university there is always the danger that those who think alike should gravitate together where they will henceforth encounter opposition only in the emasculated form of rumour that the outsiders say thus and thus. The absent are easily refuted, complacent dogmatism thrives, and differences of opinion are embittered by the group hostility. Each group hears not the best, but the worst, that the other group can say. -C.S. Lewis': 1, 'A truly great book should be read in youth, again in maturity and once more in old age, as a fine building should be seen by morning light, at noon and by moonlight. -Robertson Davies': 2, 'If a man is called to be a streetsweeper, he should sweep streets even as Michelangelo painted, or Beethoven composed music, or Shakespeare wrote poetry. He should sweep streets so well that all the host of heaven and earth will pause to say, here lived a great streetsweeper who did his job well. -Martin Luther King Jr.': 2, "It is necessary for the welfare of society that genius should be privileged to utter sedition, to blaspheme, to outrage good taste, to corrupt the youthful mind, and generally to scandalize one's uncles. -George Bernard Shaw": 1, 'Hanging is too good for a man who makes puns -- he should be drawn and quoted. -Fred Allen': 1, 'If a man is proud of his wealth, he should not be praised until it is known how he employs it. -Socrates': 1, 'I believe the highest aspiration of man should be individual freedom and the development of the individual. -Ronald Reagan': 1, 'What is the most important for democracy is not that great fortunes should not exist, but that great fortunes should not remain in the same hands. In that way there are rich men, but they do not form a class. -Alexis de Tocqueville': 2, 'Before reciting his prayers, a man should give to charity. -Nachman of Bratslav': 1, 'That the innocent, though they may have some connexion or dependency upon the guilty (which, perhaps, they themselves cannot help), should not, upon that account, suffer or be punished for the guilty, is one of the plainest and most obvious rules of justice. -Adam Smith': 1, "I think, at a child's birth, if a mother could ask a fairy godmother to endow it with the most useful gift, that gift should be curiosity. -Eleanor Roosevelt": 1, 'A man who desires to get married should know either everything or nothing. -Oscar Wilde': 1, 'We should take care not to make the intellect our god; it has, of course, powerful muscles, but no personality. -Albert Einstein': 1, "I think computer viruses should count as life. I think it says something about human nature that the only form of life we have created so far is purely destructive. We've created life in our own image. -Stephen Hawking": 1, "Every author should weigh his work and ask, 'Will humanity gain any benefit from it?' -Nachman of Bratslav": 1} 
planted {"I planted some bird seed. A bird came up. Now I don't know what to feed it. -Steven Wright": 1, 'A radical is a man with both feet firmly planted in the air. -Franklin D. Roosevelt': 1} 
reign {'There is only one force of history that can break the reign of hatred and resentment, and expose the pretensions of tyrants, and reward the hopes of the decent and tolerant, and that is the force of human freedom. -George W. Bush': 1} 
james matthew barrie {'Those who bring sunshine to the lives of others, cannot keep it from themselves. -James Matthew Barrie': 1} 
oppressor {'Freedom is never voluntarily given by the oppressor; it must be demanded by the oppressed. -Martin Luther King Jr.': 1} 
employed {'Such is the delicacy of man alone, that no object is produced to his liking. He finds that in everything there is need for improvement. The whole industry of human life is employed not in procuring the supply of our three humble necessities, food, clothes and lodging, but in procuring the conveniences of it according to the nicety and delicacy of our tastes. -Adam Smith': 1} 
ambitiousness {'God does not give heed to the ambitiousness of our prayers, because he is always ready to give to us his light, not a visible light but an intellectual and spiritual one; but we are not always ready to receive it when we turn aside and down to other things out of a desire for temporal things. -Saint Augustine': 1} 
infernal {'There is nothing funny about Halloween. This sarcastic festival reflects, rather, an infernal demand for revenge by children on the adult world. -Jean Baudrillard': 1} 
achieve {'Those who forget good and evil and seek only to know the facts are more likely to achieve good than those who view the world through the distorting medium of their own desires. -Bertrand Russell': 1, 'Those who believe they are exclusively in the right are generally those who achieve something. -Aldous Huxley': 1} 
photographs {'Not everybody trusts paintings, but people believe photographs. -Ansel Adams': 1} 
move {'To be a leader means to be able to move masses. -Adolf Hitler': 1} 
handle {'Were it possible for us to wait for ourselves to come into the room, not many of us would find our hearts breaking into flower as we heard the door handle turn. -Rebecca West': 1, "I know God will not give me anything I can't handle. I just wish that He didn't trust me so much. -Mother Teresa": 1, 'Sin has many tools, but a lie is the handle which fits them all. -Edmund Burke': 1, 'I could not handle being a woman, I would stay home all day and play with my breasts. -Steve Martin': 1} 
cranks {"We all wish to be judged by our peers, by the men 'after our own heart.' Only they really know our mind and only they judge it by standards we fully acknowledge. Theirs is the praise we really covet and the blame we really dread. The little pockets of early Chrstians survived because they cared exclusively for the love of 'the bretheren' and stopped their ears to the opinion of the Pagan society around them. But a circle of criminals, cranks, or perverts survives in just the same way; by becoming deaf to the opinion of the outer world, by discounting it as the chatter of outsiders who 'don't understand,' of the 'conventional,' the 'bourgeois,' the 'Establishment,' of prigs, prudes, and humbugs. -C.S. Lewis": 1} 
means {"We all want progress, but if you're on the wrong road, progress means doing an about-turn and walking back to the right road; in that case, the man who turns back soonest is the most progressive. -C.S. Lewis": 1, 'When an American says that he loves his country, he means not only that he loves the New England hills, the prairies glistening in the sun, the wide and rising plains, the great mountains, and the sea. He means that he loves an inner air, an inner light in which freedom lives and in which a man can draw the breath of self-respect. -Adlai Stevenson': 2, "Democracy means that anyone can grow up to be president, and anyone who doesn't grow up can be vice president. -Johnny Carson": 1, "I'm a middle age white guy, which means I'm constantly reminded that my particular group is responsible for the oppression of every known minority PLUS most wars PLUS government corruption PLUS pollution of the environment, not to mention that it was middle-age white guys who killed Bambi's mom. -Dave Barry": 1, 'To be prepared for war is one of the most effectual means of preserving peace. -George Washington': 1, 'The means of defense against foreign danger historically have become the instruments of tyranny at home. -James Madison': 1, 'Love means loving the unlovable - or it is no virtue at all. -GK Chesterton': 1, 'I always cheer up immensely if an attack is particularly wounding because I think, well, if they attack one personally, it means they have not a single political argument left. -Margaret Thatcher': 1, 'To be a leader means to be able to move masses. -Adolf Hitler': 1} 
beat {'Politics has got so expensive that it takes lots of money to even get beat with. -Will Rogers': 1} 
familiar {'The reason we hold truth in such respect is because we have so little opportunity to get familiar with it. -Mark Twain': 1, 'The older I grow the more I distrust the familiar doctrine that age brings wisdom. -Henry Mencken': 1} 
lucky {'When you work seven days a week, fourteen hours a day, you get lucky. -Armand Hammer': 1, 'Cooking was invented in prehistoric times, when a primitive tribe had a lucky accident. The tribe had killed an animal and was going to eat it raw, when a tribe member named Woog tripped and dropped it into the fire. At first the other tribe members were angry at Woog, but then, as the aroma of burning meat filled the air, they had an idea. So they ate Woog raw. -Dave Barry': 1} 
d.h. lawrence {"We've got to live. No matter how many skies have fallen. -D.H. Lawrence": 1, 'And what\x92s romance? Usually, a nice little tale where you have everything As You Like It, where rain never wets your jacket and gnats never bite your nose and it\x92s always daisy-time. -D.H. Lawrence': 1} 
firmly {'The aging process has you firmly in its grasp if you never get the urge to throw a snowball. -Doug Larson': 1, 'A radical is a man with both feet firmly planted in the air. -Franklin D. Roosevelt': 1} 
community {'In any fairly large and talkative community such as a university there is always the danger that those who think alike should gravitate together where they will henceforth encounter opposition only in the emasculated form of rumour that the outsiders say thus and thus. The absent are easily refuted, complacent dogmatism thrives, and differences of opinion are embittered by the group hostility. Each group hears not the best, but the worst, that the other group can say. -C.S. Lewis': 1, 'As Mankind becomes more liberal, they will be more apt to allow that all those who conduct themselves as worthy members of the community are equally entitled to the protections of civil government. I hope ever to see America among the foremost nations of justice and liberality. -George Washington': 1} 
sales {'If eighty percent of your sales come from twenty percent of all of your items, just carry those twenty percent. -Henry Kissinger': 1} 
theodore roosevelt {'It behooves every man to remember that the work of the critic is of altogether secondary importance, and that, in the end, progress is accomplished by the man who does things. -Theodore Roosevelt': 1, 'A typical vice of American politics is the avoidance of saying anything real on real issues. -Theodore Roosevelt': 1, 'Success, the real success, does not depend upon the position you hold but upon how you carry yourself in that position. -Theodore Roosevelt': 1, "If you could kick the person in the pants responsible for most of your trouble, you wouldn't sit for a month. -Theodore Roosevelt": 1, "When they call the roll in the Senate, the Senators do not know whether to answer 'Present' or 'Not guilty.' -Theodore Roosevelt": 1, 'Avoid the base hypocrisy of condemning in one man what you pass over in silence when committed by another. -Theodore Roosevelt': 1, 'It is hard to fail, but it is worse never to have tried to succeed. -Theodore Roosevelt': 1, 'In any moment of decision, the best thing you can do is the right thing. The worst thing you can do is nothing. -Theodore Roosevelt': 1, 'The things that will destroy America are prosperity at any price, peace at any price, safety first instead of duty first, the love of soft living and the get rich quick theory of life. -Theodore Roosevelt': 1} 
words {'Serious sport has nothing to do with fair play. It is bound up with hatred, jealousy, boastfulness, disregard of all rules and sadistic pleasure in witnessing violence. In other words: it is war minus the shooting. -George Orwell': 1, 'Words which do not give the light of Christ increase the darkness. -Mother Teresa': 1, 'Experts tell us that if the Millennium Bug is not fixed, when the year 2000 arrives, our financial records will be inaccurate, our telephone system will be unreliable, our government will be paralyzed and airline flights will be canceled without warning. In other words, things will be pretty much the same as they are now. -Dave Barry': 1, 'I love writing. I love the swirl and swing of words as they tangle with human emotions. -James Michener': 1} 
beak {"Is there anything more beautiful than a beautiful, beautiful flamingo, flying across in front of a beautiful sunset? And he's carrying a beautiful rose in his beak, and also he's carrying a very beautiful painting with his feet. And also, you're drunk. -Jack Handey": 1} 
dennis potter {'Religion to me has always been the wound, not the bandage. -Dennis Potter': 1} 
doubtful {'It must be remembered that there is nothing more difficult to plan, more doubtful of success nor more dangerous to manage than the creation of a new system. For the initiator has the enmity of all who profit by the preservation of the old institution and merely lukewarm defenders in those who would gain by the new one. -Nicolo Machiavelli': 1} 
thrives {'In any fairly large and talkative community such as a university there is always the danger that those who think alike should gravitate together where they will henceforth encounter opposition only in the emasculated form of rumour that the outsiders say thus and thus. The absent are easily refuted, complacent dogmatism thrives, and differences of opinion are embittered by the group hostility. Each group hears not the best, but the worst, that the other group can say. -C.S. Lewis': 1, 'Nature thrives on patience; man on impatience. -Paul Boese': 1} 
avoidance {'A typical vice of American politics is the avoidance of saying anything real on real issues. -Theodore Roosevelt': 1} 
hitter {"All I want out of life, is that when I walk down the street folks will say, 'There goes the greatest hitter that ever lived.' -Ted Williams": 1} 
airman {'Why, you can take the most gallant sailor, the most intrepid airman or the most audacious soldier, put them at a table together - what do you get? The sum of their fears. -Winston Churchill': 1} 
course {'There is one thing alone that stands the brunt of life throughout its course: a quiet conscience. -Euripides': 1, 'How we spend our days is, of course, how we spend our lives. -Annie Dillard': 1, 'Of course the people dont want war...that is understood. But voice or no voice, the people can always be brought to the bidding of the leaders. That is easy. All you have to do is tell them they are being attacked, and denounce the pacifists for lack of patriotism and exposing the country to danger. It works the same in any country. -Hermann Goering': 1, "Of course I don't believe in it. But I understand that it brings you luck whether you believe in it or not. -Niels Bohr": 1, "There are people who put their dreams in a little box and say, Yes, I've got dreams, of course I've got dreams. Then they put the box away and bring it out once in awhile to look in it, and yep, they're still there. -Erna Bombeck": 1, 'We should take care not to make the intellect our god; it has, of course, powerful muscles, but no personality. -Albert Einstein': 1} 
shy {"It is a good idea to ''shop around'' before you settle on a doctor. Ask about the condition of his Mercedes. Ask about the competence of his mechanic. Don't be shy! After all, you're paying for it. -Dave Barry": 1} 
married {'I never knew what real happiness was until I got married, and by then it was too late. -Max Kaufman': 1, 'A man who desires to get married should know either everything or nothing. -Oscar Wilde': 1} 
state {'It is always thus, impelled by a state of mind which is destined not to last, that we make our irrevocable decisions. -Marcel Proust': 1, "To be pleased with one's limits is a wretched state. -Johann Wolfgang von Goethe": 1} 
taxes {'Collecting more taxes than is absolutely necessary is legalized robbery. -Calvin Coolidge': 1, 'To you taxpayers out there, let me say this: Make sure you file your tax return on time! And remember that, even though income taxes can be a \x93pain in the neck,\x94 the folks at the IRS are regular people just like you, except that they can destroy your life. -Dave Barry': 1} 
calling {"Thus far, the reputed idiot Bush has graduated from Yale and Harvard, made a stack of cash in the oil industry, become the first consecutive-term governor of Texas, defeated a dual-term VP for the presidency, and led his party to [November 5th's] extraordinary triumphs. Let his opponents keep calling him stupid; if they do, within five years Bush will be King of England, the Pope, and world Formula One motor racing champion. -Tim Blair": 1, "You give me a credit to which I have no claim in calling me 'the writer of the Constitution of the United States.' This was not, like the fabled Goddess of Wisdom, the offspring of a single brain. It ought to be regarded as the work of many heads and many hands. -James Madison": 1} 
whether {'Every man must decide whether he will walk in the light of creative altruism or in the darkness of destructive selfishness. -Martin Luther King Jr.': 1, 'She is not perfect. You are not perfect. The question is whether or not you are perfect for each other. -Robin Williams': 1, 'All men are timid on entering any fight. Whether it is the first or the last fight, all of us are timid. Cowards are those who let their timidity get the better of their manhood. -George Patton': 1, "Of course I don't believe in it. But I understand that it brings you luck whether you believe in it or not. -Niels Bohr": 1, 'The thing we all have to understand to put these last two years in focus, is that liberals in this country care more about whether European leaders like us than they do about whether terrorists are killing us. -Rush Limbaugh': 2, 'In the councils of government, we must guard against the acquisition of unwarranted influence, whether sought or unsought, by the military-industrial complex. -Dwight Eisenhower': 1, "When they call the roll in the Senate, the Senators do not know whether to answer 'Present' or 'Not guilty.' -Theodore Roosevelt": 1} 
she {"I realise that I'm making gender-based generalizations here, but my feeling is that if God did not want us to make gender-based generalizations, She would not have given us genders. -Dave Barry": 1, 'Any reviewer who expresses rage and loathing for a novel is preposterous. He or she is like a person who has put on full armor and attacked a hot fudge sundae. -Kurt Vonnegut': 1, "One thing they never tell you about child raising is that for the rest of your life, at the drop of a hat, you are expected to know your child's name and how old he or she is. -Erna Bombeck": 1, 'Love is the delightful interval between meeting a beautiful girl and discovering that she looks like a haddock. -John Barrymore': 1, 'She is not perfect. You are not perfect. The question is whether or not you are perfect for each other. -Robin Williams': 1, 'Beauty is ever to the lonely mind a shadow fleeting; she is never plain. She is a visitor who leaves behind the gift of grief, the souvenir of pain. -Christopher Morley': 2, 'I almost had a pyschic girlfriend, but she left me before we met. -Steven Wright': 1, "When this girl at the museum asked me who I liked better, Monet or Manet, I said, 'I like mayonnaise.' She just stared at me, so I said it again, louder. Then she left. I guess she went to try to find some mayonnaise for me. -Jack Handey": 3, "If a woman has to choose between catching a fly ball and saving an infant's life, she will choose to save the infant's life without even considering if there are men on base. -Dave Barry": 1, "A grandmother pretends she doesn't know who you are on Halloween. -Erna Bombeck": 1, 'She was what we used to call a suicide blond - dyed by her own hand. -Saul Bellow': 1} 
dangerous {'Too many poets delude themselves by thinking that the mind is dangerous and must be left out. Well, the mind is dangerous and must be left in. -Robert Frost': 2, 'It must be remembered that there is nothing more difficult to plan, more doubtful of success nor more dangerous to manage than the creation of a new system. For the initiator has the enmity of all who profit by the preservation of the old institution and merely lukewarm defenders in those who would gain by the new one. -Nicolo Machiavelli': 1, 'Egalitarians create the most dangerous inequality of all -- inequality of power. Allowing politicians to determine what all other human beings will be allowed to earn is one of the most reckless gambles imaginable. Like the income tax, it may start off being applied only to the rich but it will inevitably reach us all. -Thomas Sowell': 1, 'Government is not reason; it is not eloquent; it is force. Like fire, it is a dangerous servant and a fearful master. -George Washington': 1, 'Nothing in the world is more dangerous than sincere ignorance and conscientious stupidity. -Martin Luther King Jr.': 1} 
mercedes {"It is a good idea to ''shop around'' before you settle on a doctor. Ask about the condition of his Mercedes. Ask about the competence of his mechanic. Don't be shy! After all, you're paying for it. -Dave Barry": 1} 
fixed {'Experts tell us that if the Millennium Bug is not fixed, when the year 2000 arrives, our financial records will be inaccurate, our telephone system will be unreliable, our government will be paralyzed and airline flights will be canceled without warning. In other words, things will be pretty much the same as they are now. -Dave Barry': 1} 
generations {'Life is no brief candle to me. It is a sort of splendid torch which I have got a hold of for the moment, and I want to make it burn as brightly as possible before handing it onto future generations. -George Bernard Shaw': 1, 'Nothing separates the generations more than music. By the time a child is eight or nine, he has developed a passion for his own music that is even stronger than his passions for procrastination and weird clothes. -Bill Cosby': 1} 
deceived {'We are never deceived; we deceive ourselves. -Johann Wolfgang von Goethe': 1} 
withstand {'To defend Western Europe we have to let the Pentagon buy all these tanks and guns and things, and the Pentagon is unable to buy any object that that costs less than a condominium in Vail. If the Pentagon needs, say, fruit, it will argue that it must have fruit that can withstand the rigors of combat conditions, and it will wind up purchasing the FX-700 Seedless Tactical Grape, which will cost $160,000 per bunch, and will have an 83 percent failure rate. -Dave Barry': 1} 
untrue {'Of all lies, art is the least untrue. -Gustave Flaubert': 1} 
eighty {'If eighty percent of your sales come from twenty percent of all of your items, just carry those twenty percent. -Henry Kissinger': 1} 
farthest {'\x93Take a chance! All life is a chance. The man who goes farthest is generally the one who is willing to do and dare. -Dale Carnegie': 1} 
exists {'Liberty exists in proportion to wholesome restraint. -Daniel Webster': 1, 'An idea that is developed and put into action is more important than an idea that exists only as an idea. -Siddhartha Buddha': 1, 'Maturity is a bitter disappointment for which no remedy exists, unless laughter can be said to remedy anything. -Kurt Vonnegut': 1, 'Inspiration exists, but it has to find you working. -Pablo Picasso': 1, 'To know what is impenetrable to us really exists, manifesting itself as the highest wisdom and the most radiant beauty...this knowledge, this feeling is at the center of true religiousness. -Albert Einstein': 1} 
prayers {'Certain thoughts are prayers. There are moments when, whatever be the attitude of the body, the soul is on its knees. -Victor Hugo': 1, 'Before reciting his prayers, a man should give to charity. -Nachman of Bratslav': 1, 'The eyes of the world are upon you. The hopes and prayers of liberty-loving people everywhere march with you. -Dwight Eisenhower': 1, 'God does not give heed to the ambitiousness of our prayers, because he is always ready to give to us his light, not a visible light but an intellectual and spiritual one; but we are not always ready to receive it when we turn aside and down to other things out of a desire for temporal things. -Saint Augustine': 1} 
acquired {'When the human race has once acquired a supersitition nothing short of death is ever likely to remove it. -Mark Twain': 1} 
ungrateful {'Rhis is to be asserted in general of men: that they are ungrateful, fickle, false, cowardly, covetous, and as long as you succeed, are yours entirely; they will offer you their blood, property, life, and children...when the need is far distant; but when it approaches, they will turn against you. -Nicolo Machiavelli': 1} 
lazy {"When we're unemployed, we're called lazy; when the whites are unemployed it's called a depression. -Jesse Jackson": 1} 
bears {'Without courage, wisdom bears no fruit. -Baltasar Gracian': 1} 
yearning {'There are three ingredients in the good life: learning, earning and yearning. -Christopher Morley': 1} 
computer {"The function of RAM is to give us guys a way of deciding whose computer has the biggest, studliest, most tumescent MEMORY. This is important, because with today's complex software, the more memory a computer has, the faster it can produce error messages. So the bottom line is, if you're a guy, you cannot have enough RAM. -Dave Barry": 2, "I think computer viruses should count as life. I think it says something about human nature that the only form of life we have created so far is purely destructive. We've created life in our own image. -Stephen Hawking": 1} 
changes {'Man was made for action, and to promote by the exertion of his faculties such changes in the external circumstances both of himself and others, as may seem most favourable to the happiness of all. -Adam Smith': 1} 
penelope fitzgerald {'An unjust punishment is never forgotten. -Penelope Fitzgerald': 1} 
reform {"Don't marry a man to reform him - that's what reform schools are for. -Mae West": 2} 
pattern {'Reason is experimental intelligence, conceived after the pattern of science, and used in the creation of social arts; it has something to do. It liberates man from the bondage of the past, due to ignorance and accident hardened into custom. It projects a better future and assists man in its realization. -John Dewey': 1} 
brunt {'There is one thing alone that stands the brunt of life throughout its course: a quiet conscience. -Euripides': 1} 
genius {'Genius is one per cent inspiration, ninety-nine per cent perspiration. -Thomas Edison': 1, 'Alexander, Caesar, Charlemagne, and myself founded empires; but what foundation did we rest the creations of our genius? Upon force. Jesus Christ founded an empire upon love; and at this hour millions of men would die for Him. -Napoleon Bonaparte': 1, "It is necessary for the welfare of society that genius should be privileged to utter sedition, to blaspheme, to outrage good taste, to corrupt the youthful mind, and generally to scandalize one's uncles. -George Bernard Shaw": 1, 'Genius may have its limitations, but stupidity is not thus handicapped. -Elbert Hubbard': 1, 'The difference between genius and stupidity is that genius has its limits. -Albert Einstein': 2, 'The public is wonderfully tolerant. It forgives everything except genius. -Oscar Wilde': 1} 
written {'To write a good love letter, you ought to begin without knowing what you mean to say and to finish without knowing what you have written. -Jean-Jacques Rousseau': 1, "I don't care what is written about me, so long as it isn't true. -Dorothy Parker": 1} 
difficulties {'No sooner do we depart from sense and instinct to follow reason but we are insensibly drawn into uncouth paradoxes, difficulties, and inconsistencies, which multiply and grow upon us as we advance in speculation; till at length, having wandered through many intricate mazes, we find ourselves just where we were, or, which is worse, sit down in a forlorn scepticism. -George Berkeley': 1, 'For me, survival is the ability to cope with difficulties, with circumstances, and to overcome them. -Nelson Mandela': 1} 
supernatural {'The supernatural is the natural not yet understood. -Elbert Hubbard': 1} 
injustice {'True patriotism hates injustice in its own land more than anywhere else. -Clarence Darrow': 1} 
closed {'It is better to keep your mouth closed and let people think you are a fool than to open it and remove all doubt. -Mark Twain': 1} 
routine {"I've worked for four presidents and watched two others up close, and I know that there's no such thing as a routine day in the Oval Office. -Dick Cheney": 1} 
progress {"We all want progress, but if you're on the wrong road, progress means doing an about-turn and walking back to the right road; in that case, the man who turns back soonest is the most progressive. -C.S. Lewis": 2, 'Never discourage anyone who continually makes progress, no matter how slow. -Plato': 1, 'It behooves every man to remember that the work of the critic is of altogether secondary importance, and that, in the end, progress is accomplished by the man who does things. -Theodore Roosevelt': 1} 
neither {"Talent alone won't make you a success. Neither will being in the right place at the right time, unless you are ready. The most important question is: 'Are you ready?' -Johnny Carson": 1, 'Government consists in nothing else but so controlling subjects that they shall neither be able to, nor have cause to do it harm. -Nicolo Machiavelli': 1, 'When you have the facts on your side, argue the facts. When you have the law on your side, argue the law. When you have neither, holler. -Al Gore': 1, 'Against criticism a man can neither protest nor defend himself; he must act in spite of it, and then it will gradually yield to him. -Johann Wolfgang von Goethe': 1, 'They that can give up essential liberty to obtain a little temporary safety deserve neither liberty nor safety. -Benjamin Franklin': 1} 
sabotage {'Demoralize the enemy from within by surprise, terror, sabotage, assassination. This is the war of the future. -Adolf Hitler': 1} 
outsiders {'In any fairly large and talkative community such as a university there is always the danger that those who think alike should gravitate together where they will henceforth encounter opposition only in the emasculated form of rumour that the outsiders say thus and thus. The absent are easily refuted, complacent dogmatism thrives, and differences of opinion are embittered by the group hostility. Each group hears not the best, but the worst, that the other group can say. -C.S. Lewis': 1, "We all wish to be judged by our peers, by the men 'after our own heart.' Only they really know our mind and only they judge it by standards we fully acknowledge. Theirs is the praise we really covet and the blame we really dread. The little pockets of early Chrstians survived because they cared exclusively for the love of 'the bretheren' and stopped their ears to the opinion of the Pagan society around them. But a circle of criminals, cranks, or perverts survives in just the same way; by becoming deaf to the opinion of the outer world, by discounting it as the chatter of outsiders who 'don't understand,' of the 'conventional,' the 'bourgeois,' the 'Establishment,' of prigs, prudes, and humbugs. -C.S. Lewis": 1} 
pants {"If you could kick the person in the pants responsible for most of your trouble, you wouldn't sit for a month. -Theodore Roosevelt": 1} 
ends {'In the long run, we shape our lives and we shape ourselves. The process never ends until we die, and the choices that we make are ultimately our responsibility. -Eleanor Roosevelt': 1, "The right to swing my fist ends where the other man's nose begins. -Oliver Wendell Holmes": 1, 'Where knowledge ends, religion begins. -Benjamin Disraeli': 1} 
ability {'Education is the ability to listen to almost anything without losing your temper or your self-confidence. -Robert Frost': 1, 'My most brilliant achievement was my ability to be able to persuade my wife to marry me. -Winston Churchill': 1, 'For me, survival is the ability to cope with difficulties, with circumstances, and to overcome them. -Nelson Mandela': 1} 
importance {'We know life is futile. A man who considers that his life is of very wonderful importance is awfully close to a padded cell. -Clarence Darrow': 1, 'It behooves every man to remember that the work of the critic is of altogether secondary importance, and that, in the end, progress is accomplished by the man who does things. -Theodore Roosevelt': 1} 
joy {'There is no joy in life like the joy of sharing. -Billy Graham': 2, 'Grief can take care of itself, but to get the full value of joy you must have somebody to divide it with. -Mark Twain': 1, "Art is man's expression of his joy in labor. -Henry Kissinger": 1} 
interfere {"Accept good advice gracefully--as long as it doesn't interfere with what you intended to do in the first place. -Gene Brown": 1, 'I have never let my schooling interfere with my education. -Mark Twain': 1} 
efficiency {"Without computers, the government would be unable to function at the level of effectiveness and efficiency that we have come to expect.  This is because the primary function of the government is -- and here I am quoting directly from the U.S. Constitution -- 'to spew out paper.' -Dave Barry": 1, 'Washington is a city of Southern efficiency and Northern charm. -John F. Kennedy': 1} 
job {"What I don't like about office Christmas parties is looking for a job the next day. -Phyllis Diller": 1, "I love argument, I love debate. I don't expect anyone just to sit there and agree with me, that's not their job. -Margaret Thatcher": 1, 'I think the best possible social program is a job. -Ronald Reagan': 1, 'The writer\x92s job is not to judge, but to seek to understand. -Ernest Hemingway': 1, 'If a man is called to be a streetsweeper, he should sweep streets even as Michelangelo painted, or Beethoven composed music, or Shakespeare wrote poetry. He should sweep streets so well that all the host of heaven and earth will pause to say, here lived a great streetsweeper who did his job well. -Martin Luther King Jr.': 1, "I had a dream the other night. I dreamed that Jimmy Carter came to me and asked why I wanted his job. I told him I didn't want his job. I want to be President. -Ronald Reagan": 2, "Never continue in a job you don't enjoy. If you're happy in what you're doing, you'll like yourself, you'll have inner peace. And if you have that, along with physical health, you will have had more success than you could possibly have imagined. -Johnny Carson": 1, 'The thought of being president frightens me. I do not think I want the job. -Ronald Reagan': 1} 
key {'From kindergarten to graduation, I went to public schools, and I know that they are a key to being sure that every child has a chance to succeed and to rise in the world. -Dick Cheney': 1, 'Love is the master key which opens the gates of happiness. -Oliver Wendell Holmes': 1} 
approval {"Of all tyrannies, a tyranny exercised for the good of its victims may be the most oppressive. It may be better to live under robber barons than under omnipotent moral busybodies. The robber baron's cruelty may sometimes sleep, his cupidity may at some point be satiated; but those who torment us for our own good will torment us without end, for they do so with the approval of their own conscience. -C.S. Lewis": 1} 
boxing {"If you're in a boxing match, try not to let the other guy's glove touch your lips, because you don't know where that glove has been. -Jack Handey": 1} 
monitor {"I'm the type who'd be happy not going anywhere as long as I was sure I knew exactly what was happening at the places I wasn't going to. I'm the type who'd like to sit home and watch every party that I'm invited to on a monitor in my bedroom. -Andy Warhol": 1} 
commands {'If we command our wealth, we shall be rich and free; if our wealth commands us, we are poor indeed. -Edmund Burke': 1} 
limits {'The difference between genius and stupidity is that genius has its limits. -Albert Einstein': 1, "To be pleased with one's limits is a wretched state. -Johann Wolfgang von Goethe": 1} 
career {'I have been the artist with the longest career, and I am so proud and honoured to be chosen from heaven to be invincible. -Michael Jackson': 1} 
joke {"Forgive, O Lord, my little jokes on Thee, and I'll forgive Thy great big joke on me. -Robert Frost": 1, 'Television is a medium of entertainment which permits millions of people to listen to the same joke at the same time, and yet remain lonesome. -T.S. Eliot': 1} 
invited {"I'm the type who'd be happy not going anywhere as long as I was sure I knew exactly what was happening at the places I wasn't going to. I'm the type who'd like to sit home and watch every party that I'm invited to on a monitor in my bedroom. -Andy Warhol": 1} 
acknowledge {"We all wish to be judged by our peers, by the men 'after our own heart.' Only they really know our mind and only they judge it by standards we fully acknowledge. Theirs is the praise we really covet and the blame we really dread. The little pockets of early Chrstians survived because they cared exclusively for the love of 'the bretheren' and stopped their ears to the opinion of the Pagan society around them. But a circle of criminals, cranks, or perverts survives in just the same way; by becoming deaf to the opinion of the outer world, by discounting it as the chatter of outsiders who 'don't understand,' of the 'conventional,' the 'bourgeois,' the 'Establishment,' of prigs, prudes, and humbugs. -C.S. Lewis": 1} 
equal {'A few hours of mountain climbing turn a villain and a saint into two rather equal creature. Exhaustion is the shortest way to equality and fraternity, and liberty is added eventually by sleep. -Friedrich Nietzsche': 1, 'If all our misfortunes were laid in one common heap, whence everyone must take an equal portion, most people would be content to take their own and depart. -Socrates': 1, 'Americans are so enamored of equality, they would rather be equal in slavery than unequal in freedom. -Alexis de Tocqueville': 1} 
minds {"'Tis the business of little minds to shrink, but he whose heart is firm, and whose conscience approves his conduct, will pursue his principles unto death. -Thomas Paine": 1, 'Children always understand. They have open minds. They have built-in shit detectors. -Madonna Ciccone': 1, "It does not require a majority to prevail, but rather an irate, tireless minority keen to set brush fires in people's minds. -Samuel Adams": 1, 'What the country needs is dirtier fingernails and cleaner minds. -Will Rogers': 1} 
admit {'All men are frauds. The only difference between them is that some admit it. I myself deny it. -Henry Mencken': 1} 
sexes {"No side will win the Battle of the Sexes. There's too much fraternizing with the enemy. -Henry Kissinger": 1} 
tactical {'To defend Western Europe we have to let the Pentagon buy all these tanks and guns and things, and the Pentagon is unable to buy any object that that costs less than a condominium in Vail. If the Pentagon needs, say, fruit, it will argue that it must have fruit that can withstand the rigors of combat conditions, and it will wind up purchasing the FX-700 Seedless Tactical Grape, which will cost $160,000 per bunch, and will have an 83 percent failure rate. -Dave Barry': 1} 
foe {'I was angry with my friend I told my wrath, my wrath did end. I was angry with my foe: I told it not, my wrath did grow. -William Blake': 1, 'Let the word go forth from this time and place, to friend and foe alike, that the torch has been passed to a new generation of Americans. -John F. Kennedy': 1} 
swallow {'One swallow does not make a summer. -Aristotle': 1} 
temporal {'God does not give heed to the ambitiousness of our prayers, because he is always ready to give to us his light, not a visible light but an intellectual and spiritual one; but we are not always ready to receive it when we turn aside and down to other things out of a desire for temporal things. -Saint Augustine': 1} 
otherwise {'Always leave something to wish for; otherwise you will be miserable from your very happiness. -Baltasar Gracian': 1} 
jonah barrington {"It's not how old you are, it's how hard you work at it. -Jonah Barrington": 1} 
habitual {'The Nation which indulges toward another an habitual hatred or an habitual fondness is in some degree a slave. It is a slave to its animosity or to its affection, either of which is sufficient to lead it astray from its duty and its interest. -George Washington': 2} 
denzel washington {"The movie's director is the pilot. It's his vision. For an actor, the time to worry about flying is when you're on the ground. If you don't want to fly with the director, don't get on the plane. -Denzel Washington": 1} 
walk {"Don't walk in front of me, I may not follow. Don't walk behind me, I may not lead. Just walk beside me and be my friend. -Albert Camus": 3, "To me, it's always a good idea to always carry two sacks of something when you walk around. That way, if anybody says, 'Hey, can you give me a hand?,' you can say, 'Sorry, got these sacks.' -Jack Handey": 1, 'Every man must decide whether he will walk in the light of creative altruism or in the darkness of destructive selfishness. -Martin Luther King Jr.': 1, "All I want out of life, is that when I walk down the street folks will say, 'There goes the greatest hitter that ever lived.' -Ted Williams": 1, 'Once you have flown, you will walk the earth with your eyes turned skywards, for there you have been, and there you long to return. -Leonardo da Vinci': 1} 
distinguish {'Some of your countrymen were unable to distinguish between their native dislike for war and the stainless patriotism of those who suffered its scars. But there has been a rethinking and now we can say to you, and say as a nation, thank you for your courage. -Ronald Reagan': 1} 
army {'One can resist the invasion of an army but one cannot resist the invasion of ideas. -Victor Hugo': 1} 
cynicism {'The power of accurate observation is commonly called cynicism by those who have not got it. -George Bernard Shaw': 1} 
respect {'When an American says that he loves his country, he means not only that he loves the New England hills, the prairies glistening in the sun, the wide and rising plains, the great mountains, and the sea. He means that he loves an inner air, an inner light in which freedom lives and in which a man can draw the breath of self-respect. -Adlai Stevenson': 1, "We must repsect the other fellow's religion, but only in the sense and to the extent that we respect his theory that his wife is beautiful and his children are smart. -Henry Mencken": 1, 'The reason we hold truth in such respect is because we have so little opportunity to get familiar with it. -Mark Twain': 1} 
earning {'There are three ingredients in the good life: learning, earning and yearning. -Christopher Morley': 1} 
michael jackson {'I have been the artist with the longest career, and I am so proud and honoured to be chosen from heaven to be invincible. -Michael Jackson': 1} 
poem {'I have never started a poem yet whose end I knew. Writing a poem is discovering. -Robert Frost': 2} 
deliberation {'Deliberation and debate is the way you stir the soul of our democracy. -Jesse Jackson': 1} 
decent {'Every decent man is ashamed of the government he lives under. -Henry Mencken': 1, 'There is only one force of history that can break the reign of hatred and resentment, and expose the pretensions of tyrants, and reward the hopes of the decent and tolerant, and that is the force of human freedom. -George W. Bush': 1} 
mintage {'The mintage of wisdom is to know that rest is rust, and that real life is in love, laughter, and work. -Elbert Hubbard': 1} 
cent {'Genius is one per cent inspiration, ninety-nine per cent perspiration. -Thomas Edison': 2} 
cowards {'All men are timid on entering any fight. Whether it is the first or the last fight, all of us are timid. Cowards are those who let their timidity get the better of their manhood. -George Patton': 1, 'Cowards die many times before their deaths. The valiant never taste of death but once. -William Shakespeare': 1} 
immense {'PRESIDENT, n. The leading figure in a small group of men of whom \x97 and of whom only \x97 it is positively known that immense numbers of their countrymen did not want any of them for President. -Ambrose Bierce': 1} 
liberals {'The thing we all have to understand to put these last two years in focus, is that liberals in this country care more about whether European leaders like us than they do about whether terrorists are killing us. -Rush Limbaugh': 1} 
permanent {'Forgiveness is not an occasional act: it is a permanent attitude. -Martin Luther King Jr.': 1} 
treat {'Dogs look up to you. Cats look down on you. Pigs treat you like equals. -Winston Churchill': 1} 
ah {"Ah, yes, divorce...from the Latin word meaning to rip out a man's genitals through his wallet. -Robin Williams": 1} 
poet {'An actor is at most a poet and at least an entertainer. -Marlon Brando': 1} 
define {"Happiness is so hard to define and foolish to define. Am I acting? That's the worst thing you can ask yourself. You can be happy suddenly. It can spring on you, not when you reach a plateau. You can be happy going backward or going down. You can be happy at the loss of something. -Steve Martin": 2} 
general {'You find out more about God from the Moral Law than from the univerise in general just as you find out more about a man by listening to his conversation than by looking at a house he has built. -C.S. Lewis': 1, 'Rhis is to be asserted in general of men: that they are ungrateful, fickle, false, cowardly, covetous, and as long as you succeed, are yours entirely; they will offer you their blood, property, life, and children...when the need is far distant; but when it approaches, they will turn against you. -Nicolo Machiavelli': 1, 'Nothing before had ever made me thoroughly realise, though I had read various scientific books, that science consists in grouping facts so that general laws or conclusions may be drawn from them. -Charles Darwin': 1} 
vinci {'You know what the fellow said: In Italy for thirty years under the Borgias they had warfare, terror, murder, and bloodshed, but they produced Michaelangelo, Leonardo Da Vinci, and the Renaissance. In Switzerland, they had brotherly love--they had five hundred years of democracy and peace, and what did they produce? The cuckoo clock. -Orson Welles': 1} 
painted {'If a man is called to be a streetsweeper, he should sweep streets even as Michelangelo painted, or Beethoven composed music, or Shakespeare wrote poetry. He should sweep streets so well that all the host of heaven and earth will pause to say, here lived a great streetsweeper who did his job well. -Martin Luther King Jr.': 1} 
sufficient {'Intoxicated with unbroken success, we have become too self-sufficient to feel the necessity of redeeming and preserving grace, too proud to pray to the God that made us. -Abraham Lincoln': 1, 'The Nation which indulges toward another an habitual hatred or an habitual fondness is in some degree a slave. It is a slave to its animosity or to its affection, either of which is sufficient to lead it astray from its duty and its interest. -George Washington': 1} 
protect {'Though force can protect in emergency, only justice, fairness, consideration and cooperation can finally lead men to the dawn of eternal peace. -Dwight Eisenhower': 1} 
winston churchill {'The greatest lesson in life is to know that even fools are right sometimes. -Winston Churchill': 1, 'We are all worms, but I do believe I am a glow-worm. -Winston Churchill': 1, 'We make a living by what we get, but we make a life by what we give. -Winston Churchill': 1, 'Why, you can take the most gallant sailor, the most intrepid airman or the most audacious soldier, put them at a table together - what do you get? The sum of their fears. -Winston Churchill': 1, 'I may be drunk, Miss, but in the morning I will be sober and you will still be ugly. -Winston Churchill': 1, 'He has all the virtues I dislike and none of the vices I admire. -Winston Churchill': 1, 'The United States stands at the pinnacle of world power. This is a solemn moment for the American democracy. For with primacy in power is joined an awe-inspiring accountability for the future. -Winston Churchill': 1, 'Success is going from failure to failure without losing enthusiasm. -Winston Churchill': 1, 'Never give in--never, never, never, never, in nothing great or small, large or petty, never give in except to convictions of honour and good sense. Never yield to force; never yield to the apparently overwhelming might of the enemy. -Winston Churchill': 1, 'Dogs look up to you. Cats look down on you. Pigs treat you like equals. -Winston Churchill': 1, 'The price of greatness is responsibility. -Winston Churchill': 1, 'My most brilliant achievement was my ability to be able to persuade my wife to marry me. -Winston Churchill': 1, 'There is nothing more exhilarating than to be shot at without result. -Winston Churchill': 1, 'If you will not fight for the right when you can easily win without bloodshed; if you will not fight when your victory will be sure and not too costly; you may come to the moment when you will have to fight with all the odds against you and only a small chance of survival. There may even be a worse case: you may have to fight when there is no hope of victory, because it is better to perish than to live as slaves. -Winston Churchill': 1} 
assert {'To assert that the earth revolves around the sun is as erroneous as to claim that Jesus was not born of a virgin. -Cardinal Bellarmine': 1} 
maxims {'It is unbecoming for young men to utter maxims. -Aristotle': 1} 
covered {'The surface of American society is covered with a layer of democratic paint, but from time to time one can see the old aristocratic colours breaking through. -Alexis de Tocqueville': 1} 
smoking {".I had to face the horrible truth: The antitobacco people are lying. Smoking really is cool. And I'm less cool for not doing it. -Tucker Carlson": 1} 
an {'We live in an age when unnecessary things are our only necessities. -Oscar Wilde': 1, 'The best defense against usurpatory government is an assertive citizenry. -William F. Buckley': 1, 'War - an act of violence whose object is to constrain the enemy, to accomplish our will. -George Washington': 1, 'Forgiveness is not an occasional act: it is a permanent attitude. -Martin Luther King Jr.': 1, 'The Nation which indulges toward another an habitual hatred or an habitual fondness is in some degree a slave. It is a slave to its animosity or to its affection, either of which is sufficient to lead it astray from its duty and its interest. -George Washington': 2, 'An idea that is developed and put into action is more important than an idea that exists only as an idea. -Siddhartha Buddha': 3, 'The best way to win an argument is to begin by being right. -Jill Ruckleshaus': 1, "I'd rather hear an old truth than a new lie. -Chris Bowyer": 1, 'Money can help you to get medicines but not health. Money can help you to get soft pillows, but not sound sleep. Money can help you to get material comforts, but not eternal bliss. Money can help you to get ornaments, but not beauty. Money will help you to get an electric earphone, but not natural hearing. Attain the supreme wealth, wisdom, and you will have everything. -Benjamin Franklin': 1, "The puritanism of Christianity has played havoc with the moderation that an enlightened and tolerant critical spirit would have produced. I've noticed that in whatever country, county, town, or other region there is a regulation enjoining temperance, the population seems to be entirely composed of teetotallers and drunkards. There's a Bible on that shelf there. But I keep it next to Voltaire - poison and antidote. -Bertrand Russell": 1, "What is it that makes a complete stranger dive into an icy river to save a solid-gold baby? Maybe we'll never know. -Jack Handey": 1, 'I hope that when you are my age, you will be able to say as I have been able to say: We lived in freedom. We lived lives that were a statement, not an apology. -Ronald Reagan': 1, 'It is astonishing what an effort it seems to be for many people to put their brains definitely and systematically to work. -Thomas Edison': 1, 'The intellect is not a serious thing, and never has been. It is an instrument on which one plays, that is all. -Oscar Wilde': 1, 'When an American says that he loves his country, he means not only that he loves the New England hills, the prairies glistening in the sun, the wide and rising plains, the great mountains, and the sea. He means that he loves an inner air, an inner light in which freedom lives and in which a man can draw the breath of self-respect. -Adlai Stevenson': 3, "You should do your own car repairs. It's an easy way to save money and possibly maim yourself for life. -Dave Barry": 1, 'There is nothing funny about Halloween. This sarcastic festival reflects, rather, an infernal demand for revenge by children on the adult world. -Jean Baudrillard': 1, 'Love anything and your heart will be wrung and possibly broken. If you want to make sure of keeping it intact you must give it to no one, not even an animal. Wrap it carefully round with hobbies and little luxuries; avoid all entanglements. Lock it up safe in the casket or coffin of your selfishness. But in that casket, safe, dark, motionless, airless, it will change. It will not be broken; it will become unbreakable, impenetrable, irredeemable. To love is to be vulnerable. -C.S. Lewis': 1, 'Men marry to make an end; women to make a beginning. -Alexis Dupuy': 1, 'Few people think more than two or three times a year. I have made an international reputation for myself by thinking once or twice a week. -George Bernard Shaw': 1, 'An oppressive government is more to be feared than a tiger. -Confucius': 1, 'The United States stands at the pinnacle of world power. This is a solemn moment for the American democracy. For with primacy in power is joined an awe-inspiring accountability for the future. -Winston Churchill': 1, 'He who is of calm and happy nature will hardly feel the pressure of age, but to him who is of an opposite disposition youth and age are equally a burden. -Plato': 1, "If a woman has to choose between catching a fly ball and saving an infant's life, she will choose to save the infant's life without even considering if there are men on base. -Dave Barry": 1, 'An actor is at most a poet and at least an entertainer. -Marlon Brando': 2, 'You can discover more about a person in an hour of play than in a year of conversation. -Plato': 1, 'There is a great deal of difference between an eager man who wants to read a book and the tired man who wants a book to read. -GK Chesterton': 1, 'Anger is never without an argument, but seldom with a good one. -George Savile': 1, 'Education is an admirable thing, but it is well to remember from time to time that nothing that is worth knowing can be taught. -Oscar Wilde': 1, 'Every exit is an entry somewhere. -Tom Stoppard': 1, "We all want progress, but if you're on the wrong road, progress means doing an about-turn and walking back to the right road; in that case, the man who turns back soonest is the most progressive. -C.S. Lewis": 1, "I don't work according to nature, but infront and together with it. An artist must observe the nature, but never confuse it with the art. -Pablo Picasso": 1, "The movie's director is the pilot. It's his vision. For an actor, the time to worry about flying is when you're on the ground. If you don't want to fly with the director, don't get on the plane. -Denzel Washington": 1, 'Alexander, Caesar, Charlemagne, and myself founded empires; but what foundation did we rest the creations of our genius? Upon force. Jesus Christ founded an empire upon love; and at this hour millions of men would die for Him. -Napoleon Bonaparte': 1, 'I always cheer up immensely if an attack is particularly wounding because I think, well, if they attack one personally, it means they have not a single political argument left. -Margaret Thatcher': 1, "You can't teach an old dogma new tricks. -Dorothy Parker": 1, 'There is no question that there is an unseen world. The problem is, how far is it from midtown and how late is it open? -Woody Allen': 1, 'Bashfulness is an ornament to youth, but a reproach to old age. -Aristotle': 1, 'Everything that irritates us about others can lead us to an understanding of ourselves. -Carl Jung': 1, 'We are what we repeatedly do. Excellence, therefore, is not an act, but a habit. -Aristotle': 1, 'In politics, an organized minority is a political majority. -Jesse Jackson': 1, 'God does not give heed to the ambitiousness of our prayers, because he is always ready to give to us his light, not a visible light but an intellectual and spiritual one; but we are not always ready to receive it when we turn aside and down to other things out of a desire for temporal things. -Saint Augustine': 1, 'An unjust punishment is never forgotten. -Penelope Fitzgerald': 1, 'The giving of love is an education in itself. -Eleanor Roosevelt': 1, 'One definition of an economist is somebody who sees something happen in practice and wonders if it will work in theory. -Ronald Reagan': 1, 'If you have an apple and I have an apple and we exchange these apples then you and I will still each have one apple. But if you have an idea and I have an idea and we exchange these ideas, then each of us will have two ideas. -George Bernard Shaw': 4, 'I arrive at the end of this review having done my duty as a critic. I have described the movie accurately and you have a good idea what you are in for if you go to see it. Most of you will not. I cannot argue with you. Some of you will--the brave and the curious. You embody the spirit of the man who first wondered what it would taste like to eat an oyster. -Roger Ebert': 1, "Having a male gynecologist is like going to an auto mechanic who doesn't own a car. -Carrie Snow": 1, 'One can resist the invasion of an army but one cannot resist the invasion of ideas. -Victor Hugo': 1, 'Life is a fatal complaint, and an eminently contagious one. -Oliver Wendell Holmes': 1, 'The whole life of an American is passed like a game of chance, a revolutionary crisis, or a battle. -Alexis de Tocqueville': 1, 'All children are artists. The problem is how to remain an artist once he grows up. -Pablo Picasso': 1, 'To defend Western Europe we have to let the Pentagon buy all these tanks and guns and things, and the Pentagon is unable to buy any object that that costs less than a condominium in Vail. If the Pentagon needs, say, fruit, it will argue that it must have fruit that can withstand the rigors of combat conditions, and it will wind up purchasing the FX-700 Seedless Tactical Grape, which will cost $160,000 per bunch, and will have an 83 percent failure rate. -Dave Barry': 1, 'If all our misfortunes were laid in one common heap, whence everyone must take an equal portion, most people would be content to take their own and depart. -Socrates': 1, 'An optimist is a person who starts a new diet on Thanksgiving Day. -Irv Kupcinet': 1, "Don't worry about the world coming to an end today. It's already tomorrow in Australia. -Charles Schulz": 1, 'Cooking was invented in prehistoric times, when a primitive tribe had a lucky accident. The tribe had killed an animal and was going to eat it raw, when a tribe member named Woog tripped and dropped it into the fire. At first the other tribe members were angry at Woog, but then, as the aroma of burning meat filled the air, they had an idea. So they ate Woog raw. -Dave Barry': 2, "It does not require a majority to prevail, but rather an irate, tireless minority keen to set brush fires in people's minds. -Samuel Adams": 1} 
present {"When they call the roll in the Senate, the Senators do not know whether to answer 'Present' or 'Not guilty.' -Theodore Roosevelt": 1, 'He who controls the present, controls the past. He who controls the past, controls the future. -George Orwell': 1, 'You are young, my son, and, as the years go by, time will change and even reverse many of your present opinions. Refrain therefore awhile from setting yourself up as a judge of the highest matters. -Plato': 1, 'What we are today comes from our thoughts of yesterday and our present thoughts build our life tomorrow. Our life is the creation of our mind. -Siddhartha Buddha': 1, "There's no present. There's only the immediate future and the recent past. -George Carlin": 1, 'Fatherhood is pretending the present you love most is soap on-a-rope. -Bill Cosby': 1} 
radiant {'To know what is impenetrable to us really exists, manifesting itself as the highest wisdom and the most radiant beauty...this knowledge, this feeling is at the center of true religiousness. -Albert Einstein': 1} 
wood {'Two roads diverged in a wood, and I...I took the one less traveled by, and that has made all the difference. -Robert Frost': 1} 
leo tolstoy {'Nietzsche was stupid and abnormal. -Leo Tolstoy': 1} 
unlike {'I like your Christ, I do not like your Christians. Your Christians are so unlike your Christ. -Mahatma Gandhi': 1} 
fearful {'Government is not reason; it is not eloquent; it is force. Like fire, it is a dangerous servant and a fearful master. -George Washington': 1} 
plain {'Beauty is ever to the lonely mind a shadow fleeting; she is never plain. She is a visitor who leaves behind the gift of grief, the souvenir of pain. -Christopher Morley': 1} 
harder {'I am a strong believer in luck and I find the harder I work the more I have of it. -Benjamin Franklin': 1} 
as {'I love deadlines. I especially like the whooshing sound they make as they go flying by. -Douglas Adams': 1, 'It is the dissimilarities and inequalities among men which give rise to the notion of honor; as such differences become less, it grows feeble; and when they disappear, it will vanish too. -Alexis de Tocqueville': 1, 'As Mankind becomes more liberal, they will be more apt to allow that all those who conduct themselves as worthy members of the community are equally entitled to the protections of civil government. I hope ever to see America among the foremost nations of justice and liberality. -George Washington': 2, 'Freedom is not something that anybody can be given; freedom is something people take and people are as free as they want to be. -James Baldwin': 2, 'A truly great book should be read in youth, again in maturity and once more in old age, as a fine building should be seen by morning light, at noon and by moonlight. -Robertson Davies': 1, 'Just as your hand, held before the eye, can hide the tallest mountain, so this small earthly life keeps us from seeing the vast radiance that fills the core of the universe. -Nachman of Bratslav': 1, 'Indeed, man wishes to be happy even when he so lives as to make happiness impossible. -Saint Augustine': 1, 'Man was made for action, and to promote by the exertion of his faculties such changes in the external circumstances both of himself and others, as may seem most favourable to the happiness of all. -Adam Smith': 1, 'There is wishful thinking in Hell as well as on Earth. -C.S. Lewis': 2, 'In the beginning, the universe was created. This made a lot of people very angry, and has been widely regarded as a bad idea. -Douglas Adams': 1, "As a woman, I find it very embarrassing to be in a meeting and realize I'm the only one in the room with balls. -Rita Mae Brown": 1, 'An idea that is developed and put into action is more important than an idea that exists only as an idea. -Siddhartha Buddha': 1, "What is a wedding? Webster's dictionary defines a wedding as 'the process of removing weeds from one's garden.' -Homer Simpson": 1, 'He wrapped himself in quotations--as a beggar would enfold himself in the purple of Emperors. -Rudyard Kipling': 1, 'I love writing. I love the swirl and swing of words as they tangle with human emotions. -James Michener': 1, 'I hope that when you are my age, you will be able to say as I have been able to say: We lived in freedom. We lived lives that were a statement, not an apology. -Ronald Reagan': 1, 'Experts tell us that if the Millennium Bug is not fixed, when the year 2000 arrives, our financial records will be inaccurate, our telephone system will be unreliable, our government will be paralyzed and airline flights will be canceled without warning. In other words, things will be pretty much the same as they are now. -Dave Barry': 1, 'I hate war as only a soldier who has lived it can, only as one who has seen its brutality, its futility, its stupidity. -Dwight Eisenhower': 2, 'I arrive at the end of this review having done my duty as a critic. I have described the movie accurately and you have a good idea what you are in for if you go to see it. Most of you will not. I cannot argue with you. Some of you will--the brave and the curious. You embody the spirit of the man who first wondered what it would taste like to eat an oyster. -Roger Ebert': 1, 'No sooner do we depart from sense and instinct to follow reason but we are insensibly drawn into uncouth paradoxes, difficulties, and inconsistencies, which multiply and grow upon us as we advance in speculation; till at length, having wandered through many intricate mazes, we find ourselves just where we were, or, which is worse, sit down in a forlorn scepticism. -George Berkeley': 1, "Accept good advice gracefully--as long as it doesn't interfere with what you intended to do in the first place. -Gene Brown": 2, 'It is a grand mistake to think of being great without goodness and I pronounce it as certain that there was never a truly great man that was not at the same time truly virtuous. -Benjamin Franklin': 1, 'No passion so effectually robs the mind of all its powers of acting and reasoning as fear. -Edmund Burke': 1, 'As I would not be a slave, so I would not be a master. This expresses my idea of democracy. Whatever differs from this, to the extent of the difference, is no democracy. -Abraham Lincoln': 1, 'Skepticism is a virtue in history as well as in philosophy. -Napoleon Bonaparte': 2, 'If a man is called to be a streetsweeper, he should sweep streets even as Michelangelo painted, or Beethoven composed music, or Shakespeare wrote poetry. He should sweep streets so well that all the host of heaven and earth will pause to say, here lived a great streetsweeper who did his job well. -Martin Luther King Jr.': 1, "I've worked for four presidents and watched two others up close, and I know that there's no such thing as a routine day in the Oval Office. -Dick Cheney": 1, 'I thought it completely absurd to mention my name in the same breath as the Presidency. -Dwight Eisenhower': 1, 'To be a philosopher is not merely to have subtle thoughts; but so to love wisdom as to live according to its dictates. -Henry Thoreau': 1, 'Philosophy is to the real world as masturbation is to sex. -Karl Marx': 1, 'Life is no brief candle to me. It is a sort of splendid torch which I have got a hold of for the moment, and I want to make it burn as brightly as possible before handing it onto future generations. -George Bernard Shaw': 2, 'Let us have faith that right makes might, and in that faith, let us, to the end, dare to do our duty as we understand it. -Abraham Lincoln': 1, 'Death is psychologically as important as birth. Shrinking away from it is something unhealthy and abnormal which robs the second half of life of its purpose. -Carl Jung': 2, 'Nothing gives one person so much advantage over another as to remain always cool and unruffled under all circumstances. -Thomas Jefferson': 1, 'He therefore is the truest friend to the liberty of this country who tries most to promote its virtue, and who, so far as his power and influence extend, will not suffer a man to be chosen into any office of power and trust who is not a wise and virtuous man. -Samuel Adams': 1, 'Some of your countrymen were unable to distinguish between their native dislike for war and the stainless patriotism of those who suffered its scars. But there has been a rethinking and now we can say to you, and say as a nation, thank you for your courage. -Ronald Reagan': 1, 'If I feel physically as if the top of my head were taken off, I know that is poetry. -Emily Dickinson': 1, 'If we do not help a man in trouble, it is as if we caused the trouble. -Nachman of Bratslav': 1, "My role in society, or any artist's or poet's role, is to try and express what we all feel. Not to tell people how to feel. Not as a preacher, not as a leader, but as a reflection of us all. -John Lennon": 3, 'You find out more about God from the Moral Law than from the univerise in general just as you find out more about a man by listening to his conversation than by looking at a house he has built. -C.S. Lewis': 1, 'In any fairly large and talkative community such as a university there is always the danger that those who think alike should gravitate together where they will henceforth encounter opposition only in the emasculated form of rumour that the outsiders say thus and thus. The absent are easily refuted, complacent dogmatism thrives, and differences of opinion are embittered by the group hostility. Each group hears not the best, but the worst, that the other group can say. -C.S. Lewis': 1, 'And what\x92s romance? Usually, a nice little tale where you have everything As You Like It, where rain never wets your jacket and gnats never bite your nose and it\x92s always daisy-time. -D.H. Lawrence': 1, 'The mystic chords of memory, stretching from every battlefield and patriot grave to every living heart and hearthstone all over this broad land, will yet swell the chorus of the Union, when again touched, as surely they will be, by the better angels of our nature. -Abraham Lincoln': 1, 'Without question, the greatest invention in the history of mankind is beer. Oh, I grant you that the wheel was also a fine invention, but the wheel does not go nearly as well with pizza. -Dave Barry': 1, 'As every divided kingdom falls, so every mind divided between many studies confounds and saps itself. -Leonardo da Vinci': 1, "You give me a credit to which I have no claim in calling me 'the writer of the Constitution of the United States.' This was not, like the fabled Goddess of Wisdom, the offspring of a single brain. It ought to be regarded as the work of many heads and many hands. -James Madison": 1, "When we got into office, the thing that surprised me the most was that things were as bad as we'd been saying they were. -John F. Kennedy": 2, 'To assert that the earth revolves around the sun is as erroneous as to claim that Jesus was not born of a virgin. -Cardinal Bellarmine': 2, 'To have the reputation of possessing the most perfect social tact, talk to every woman as if you loved her, and to every man as if he bored you. -Oscar Wilde': 2, 'Rhis is to be asserted in general of men: that they are ungrateful, fickle, false, cowardly, covetous, and as long as you succeed, are yours entirely; they will offer you their blood, property, life, and children...when the need is far distant; but when it approaches, they will turn against you. -Nicolo Machiavelli': 2, 'It is the madness of folly, to expect mercy from those who have refused to do justice; and even mercy, where conquest is the object, is only a trick of war; the cunning of the fox is as murderous as the violence of the wolf. -Thomas Paine': 2, 'When nothing seems to help, I go and look at a stonecutter hammering away at his rock perhaps a hundred times without as much as a crack showing in it. Yet at the hundred and first blow it will split in two, and I know it was not that blow that did it, but all that had gone before. -Jacob August Riis': 2, 'Surely what a man does when he is caught off his guard is the best evidence as to what sort of man he is. -C.S. Lewis': 1, 'Idealism is fine, but as it approaches reality, the costs become prohibitive. -William F. Buckley': 1, "We all wish to be judged by our peers, by the men 'after our own heart.' Only they really know our mind and only they judge it by standards we fully acknowledge. Theirs is the praise we really covet and the blame we really dread. The little pockets of early Chrstians survived because they cared exclusively for the love of 'the bretheren' and stopped their ears to the opinion of the Pagan society around them. But a circle of criminals, cranks, or perverts survives in just the same way; by becoming deaf to the opinion of the outer world, by discounting it as the chatter of outsiders who 'don't understand,' of the 'conventional,' the 'bourgeois,' the 'Establishment,' of prigs, prudes, and humbugs. -C.S. Lewis": 1, 'On the plus side, death is one of the few things that can be done just as easily lying down. -Woody Allen': 1, 'Live as if you were to die tomorrow. Learn as if you were to live forever. -Mahatma Gandhi': 2, 'In life, as in art, the beautiful moves in curves. -Edward Bulwer-Lytton': 1, 'My dream is of a place and a time where America will once again be seen as the last best hope of earth. -Abraham Lincoln': 1, 'To know what is impenetrable to us really exists, manifesting itself as the highest wisdom and the most radiant beauty...this knowledge, this feeling is at the center of true religiousness. -Albert Einstein': 1, 'As scarce as truth is, the supply has always been in excess of the demand. -Josh Billings': 2, 'As soon as one is unhappy one becomes moral. -Marcel Proust': 2, "I don't care what is written about me, so long as it isn't true. -Dorothy Parker": 1, 'There are perhaps no days of our childhood we lived so fully as those we spent with a favorite book. -Marcel Proust': 1, "I think computer viruses should count as life. I think it says something about human nature that the only form of life we have created so far is purely destructive. We've created life in our own image. -Stephen Hawking": 1, 'Cooking was invented in prehistoric times, when a primitive tribe had a lucky accident. The tribe had killed an animal and was going to eat it raw, when a tribe member named Woog tripped and dropped it into the fire. At first the other tribe members were angry at Woog, but then, as the aroma of burning meat filled the air, they had an idea. So they ate Woog raw. -Dave Barry': 1, 'God loves each of us as if there were only one of us. -Saint Augustine': 1, 'Nothing so dates a man as to decry the younger generation. -Adlai Stevenson': 1, 'Were it possible for us to wait for ourselves to come into the room, not many of us would find our hearts breaking into flower as we heard the door handle turn. -Rebecca West': 1, "Sex without love is a meaningless experience, but as far as meaningless experiences go, it's pretty damn good. -Woody Allen": 2, 'You are young, my son, and, as the years go by, time will change and even reverse many of your present opinions. Refrain therefore awhile from setting yourself up as a judge of the highest matters. -Plato': 2, 'If you will not fight for the right when you can easily win without bloodshed; if you will not fight when your victory will be sure and not too costly; you may come to the moment when you will have to fight with all the odds against you and only a small chance of survival. There may even be a worse case: you may have to fight when there is no hope of victory, because it is better to perish than to live as slaves. -Winston Churchill': 1, 'I believe in Christianity as I believe that the sun has risen, not only because I see it, but because by it I see everything else. -C.S. Lewis': 1, 'Observe constantly that all things take place by change, and accustom thyself to consider that the nature of the Universe love nothing so much as to change. The Universe is change. -Marcus Aurelius': 1, "I'm the type who'd be happy not going anywhere as long as I was sure I knew exactly what was happening at the places I wasn't going to. I'm the type who'd like to sit home and watch every party that I'm invited to on a monitor in my bedroom. -Andy Warhol": 2, 'Science is facts; just as houses are made of stones, so is science made of facts; but a pile of stones is not a house and a collection of facts is not necessarily science. -Henri Poincare': 1} 
irate {"It does not require a majority to prevail, but rather an irate, tireless minority keen to set brush fires in people's minds. -Samuel Adams": 1} 
choices {'In the long run, we shape our lives and we shape ourselves. The process never ends until we die, and the choices that we make are ultimately our responsibility. -Eleanor Roosevelt': 1} 
will {"No side will win the Battle of the Sexes. There's too much fraternizing with the enemy. -Henry Kissinger": 1, 'I will honor Christmas in my heart, and try to keep it all the year. -Charles Dickens': 1, 'It is the dissimilarities and inequalities among men which give rise to the notion of honor; as such differences become less, it grows feeble; and when they disappear, it will vanish too. -Alexis de Tocqueville': 1, 'When nothing seems to help, I go and look at a stonecutter hammering away at his rock perhaps a hundred times without as much as a crack showing in it. Yet at the hundred and first blow it will split in two, and I know it was not that blow that did it, but all that had gone before. -Jacob August Riis': 1, 'As Mankind becomes more liberal, they will be more apt to allow that all those who conduct themselves as worthy members of the community are equally entitled to the protections of civil government. I hope ever to see America among the foremost nations of justice and liberality. -George Washington': 1, 'There is a theory which states that if ever anyone discovers exactly what the Universe is for and why it is here, it will instantly disappear and be replaced by something even more bizarre and inexplicable. There is another theory which states that this has already happened. -Douglas Adams': 1, 'I may be drunk, Miss, but in the morning I will be sober and you will still be ugly. -Winston Churchill': 2, 'Imagination will often carry us to worlds that never were. But without it, we go nowhere. -Carl Sagan': 1, 'War - an act of violence whose object is to constrain the enemy, to accomplish our will. -George Washington': 1, "Where there's marriage without love, there will be love without marriage. -Benjamin Franklin": 1, "'Tis the business of little minds to shrink, but he whose heart is firm, and whose conscience approves his conduct, will pursue his principles unto death. -Thomas Paine": 1, 'Good manners will open doors that the best education cannot. -Clarence Thomas': 1, 'Rhis is to be asserted in general of men: that they are ungrateful, fickle, false, cowardly, covetous, and as long as you succeed, are yours entirely; they will offer you their blood, property, life, and children...when the need is far distant; but when it approaches, they will turn against you. -Nicolo Machiavelli': 2, 'Nothing that you have not given away will ever be really yours. -C.S. Lewis': 1, 'Money can help you to get medicines but not health. Money can help you to get soft pillows, but not sound sleep. Money can help you to get material comforts, but not eternal bliss. Money can help you to get ornaments, but not beauty. Money will help you to get an electric earphone, but not natural hearing. Attain the supreme wealth, wisdom, and you will have everything. -Benjamin Franklin': 2, 'No man will make a great leader who wants to do it all himself or get all the credit for doing it. -Andrew Carnegie': 1, 'I hope that when you are my age, you will be able to say as I have been able to say: We lived in freedom. We lived lives that were a statement, not an apology. -Ronald Reagan': 1, 'Experts tell us that if the Millennium Bug is not fixed, when the year 2000 arrives, our financial records will be inaccurate, our telephone system will be unreliable, our government will be paralyzed and airline flights will be canceled without warning. In other words, things will be pretty much the same as they are now. -Dave Barry': 5, 'The things that will destroy America are prosperity at any price, peace at any price, safety first instead of duty first, the love of soft living and the get rich quick theory of life. -Theodore Roosevelt': 1, 'I arrive at the end of this review having done my duty as a critic. I have described the movie accurately and you have a good idea what you are in for if you go to see it. Most of you will not. I cannot argue with you. Some of you will--the brave and the curious. You embody the spirit of the man who first wondered what it would taste like to eat an oyster. -Roger Ebert': 2, 'If we will be quiet and ready enough, we shall find compensation in every disappointment. -Henry Thoreau': 1, "Never continue in a job you don't enjoy. If you're happy in what you're doing, you'll like yourself, you'll have inner peace. And if you have that, along with physical health, you will have had more success than you could possibly have imagined. -Johnny Carson": 1, 'One definition of an economist is somebody who sees something happen in practice and wonders if it will work in theory. -Ronald Reagan': 1, 'Love anything and your heart will be wrung and possibly broken. If you want to make sure of keeping it intact you must give it to no one, not even an animal. Wrap it carefully round with hobbies and little luxuries; avoid all entanglements. Lock it up safe in the casket or coffin of your selfishness. But in that casket, safe, dark, motionless, airless, it will change. It will not be broken; it will become unbreakable, impenetrable, irredeemable. To love is to be vulnerable. -C.S. Lewis': 4, 'If a man is called to be a streetsweeper, he should sweep streets even as Michelangelo painted, or Beethoven composed music, or Shakespeare wrote poetry. He should sweep streets so well that all the host of heaven and earth will pause to say, here lived a great streetsweeper who did his job well. -Martin Luther King Jr.': 1, 'Knowledge that is paid for will be longer remembered. -Nachman of Bratslav': 1, 'Who does not thank for little will not thank for much. -Author Unknown': 1, 'Once you have flown, you will walk the earth with your eyes turned skywards, for there you have been, and there you long to return. -Leonardo da Vinci': 1, 'He who is of calm and happy nature will hardly feel the pressure of age, but to him who is of an opposite disposition youth and age are equally a burden. -Plato': 1, 'If tyranny and oppression come to this land, it will be in the guise of fighting a foreign enemy. -James Madison': 1, "If a woman has to choose between catching a fly ball and saving an infant's life, she will choose to save the infant's life without even considering if there are men on base. -Dave Barry": 1, "Unless the religious claims of the Bible are again acknowledged, its literary claims will, I think, be given only 'mouth honour' and that decreasingly. -C.S. Lewis": 1, "Money never made a man happy yet, nor will it. There is nothing in its nature to produce happiness. The more a man has, the more he wants. Instead of its filling a vacuum, it makes one. If it satisfies one want, it doubles and trebles that want another way. That was a true proverb of the wise man, rely upon it; ''Better is little with the fear of the Lord, than great treasure, and trouble therewith. -Benjamin Franklin": 1, 'He therefore is the truest friend to the liberty of this country who tries most to promote its virtue, and who, so far as his power and influence extend, will not suffer a man to be chosen into any office of power and trust who is not a wise and virtuous man. -Samuel Adams': 1, 'This will never be a civilized country until we expend more money for books than we do for chewing gum. -Elbert Hubbard': 1, "Of all tyrannies, a tyranny exercised for the good of its victims may be the most oppressive. It may be better to live under robber barons than under omnipotent moral busybodies. The robber baron's cruelty may sometimes sleep, his cupidity may at some point be satiated; but those who torment us for our own good will torment us without end, for they do so with the approval of their own conscience. -C.S. Lewis": 1, 'Against criticism a man can neither protest nor defend himself; he must act in spite of it, and then it will gradually yield to him. -Johann Wolfgang von Goethe': 1, 'If men will not act for themselves, what will they do when the benefit of their effort is for all? -Elbert Hubbard': 2, 'People will pay more to be entertained than educated. -Johnny Carson': 1, 'He who is not courageous enough to take risks will accomplish nothing in life. -Muhammad Ali': 1, 'In any fairly large and talkative community such as a university there is always the danger that those who think alike should gravitate together where they will henceforth encounter opposition only in the emasculated form of rumour that the outsiders say thus and thus. The absent are easily refuted, complacent dogmatism thrives, and differences of opinion are embittered by the group hostility. Each group hears not the best, but the worst, that the other group can say. -C.S. Lewis': 1, "I know God will not give me anything I can't handle. I just wish that He didn't trust me so much. -Mother Teresa": 1, 'The mystic chords of memory, stretching from every battlefield and patriot grave to every living heart and hearthstone all over this broad land, will yet swell the chorus of the Union, when again touched, as surely they will be, by the better angels of our nature. -Abraham Lincoln': 2, 'He that would make his own liberty secure, must guard even his enemy from opposition; for if he violates this duty he establishes a precedent that will reach himself. -Thomas Paine': 1, 'The man who disobeys his parents will have disobedient sons. -Nachman of Bratslav': 1, "I'm never going to be famous. My name will never be writ large on the roster of Those Who Do Things. I don't do any thing. Not one single thing. I used to bite my nails, but I don't even do that any more. -Dorothy Parker": 1, "You cannot go on 'explaining away' for ever: you will find that you have explained explanation itself away. You cannot go on 'seeing through' things for ever. The whole point of seeing through something is to see something through it. -C.S. Lewis": 1, 'Every man must decide whether he will walk in the light of creative altruism or in the darkness of destructive selfishness. -Martin Luther King Jr.': 1, 'Egalitarians create the most dangerous inequality of all -- inequality of power. Allowing politicians to determine what all other human beings will be allowed to earn is one of the most reckless gambles imaginable. Like the income tax, it may start off being applied only to the rich but it will inevitably reach us all. -Thomas Sowell': 2, "Thus far, the reputed idiot Bush has graduated from Yale and Harvard, made a stack of cash in the oil industry, become the first consecutive-term governor of Texas, defeated a dual-term VP for the presidency, and led his party to [November 5th's] extraordinary triumphs. Let his opponents keep calling him stupid; if they do, within five years Bush will be King of England, the Pope, and world Formula One motor racing champion. -Tim Blair": 1, 'You may delay, but time will not. -Benjamin Franklin': 1, "I just want to do God's will. -Martin Luther King Jr.": 1, 'I believe one of the reasons so many do not get a higher education is the fear of their parents that they will lose more morally than they will receive mentally. -William Jennings Bryan': 2, 'That is the true season of love, when we believe that we alone can love, that no one could ever have loved so before us, and that no one will love in the same way after us. -Johann Wolfgang von Goethe': 1, 'My dream is of a place and a time where America will once again be seen as the last best hope of earth. -Abraham Lincoln': 1, 'Let the river roll which way it will, cities will rise on its banks. -Ralph Waldo Emerson': 2, "All I want out of life, is that when I walk down the street folks will say, 'There goes the greatest hitter that ever lived.' -Ted Williams": 1, 'Eros will have naked bodies; Friendship naked personalities. -C.S. Lewis': 1, 'If you have an apple and I have an apple and we exchange these apples then you and I will still each have one apple. But if you have an idea and I have an idea and we exchange these ideas, then each of us will have two ideas. -George Bernard Shaw': 2, 'If you see ten troubles coming down the road, you can be sure that nine will run into the ditch before they reach you. -Calvin Coolidge': 1, 'It still remains true that no justification of virtue will enable a man to be virtuous. -C.S. Lewis': 1, 'Always leave something to wish for; otherwise you will be miserable from your very happiness. -Baltasar Gracian': 1, 'Those who make peaceful revolution impossible will make violent revolution inevitable. -John F. Kennedy': 1, "Every author should weigh his work and ask, 'Will humanity gain any benefit from it?' -Nachman of Bratslav": 1, 'The direction in which education starts a man will determine his future life. -Plato': 1, 'To defend Western Europe we have to let the Pentagon buy all these tanks and guns and things, and the Pentagon is unable to buy any object that that costs less than a condominium in Vail. If the Pentagon needs, say, fruit, it will argue that it must have fruit that can withstand the rigors of combat conditions, and it will wind up purchasing the FX-700 Seedless Tactical Grape, which will cost $160,000 per bunch, and will have an 83 percent failure rate. -Dave Barry': 4, 'Let us not forget that the cultivation of the earth is the most important labor of man. When tillage begins, other arts will follow. The farmers, therefore, are the founders of civilization. -Daniel Webster': 1, 'He that fights and runs away, may turn and fight another day; but he that is in battle slain, will never rise to fight again. -Tacitus': 1, 'If the United Nations once admits that international disputes can be settled by using force, then we will have destroyed the foundation of the organization and our best hope of establishing a world order. -Dwight Eisenhower': 1, 'The nation which forgets its defenders will be itself forgotten. -Calvin Coolidge': 1, "It is a scientific fact that your body will not absorb cholesterol if you take it from another person's plate. -Dave Barry": 1, 'You are young, my son, and, as the years go by, time will change and even reverse many of your present opinions. Refrain therefore awhile from setting yourself up as a judge of the highest matters. -Plato': 1, 'If you will not fight for the right when you can easily win without bloodshed; if you will not fight when your victory will be sure and not too costly; you may come to the moment when you will have to fight with all the odds against you and only a small chance of survival. There may even be a worse case: you may have to fight when there is no hope of victory, because it is better to perish than to live as slaves. -Winston Churchill': 4, 'Show me a thoroughly satisfied man and I will show you a failure. -Thomas Edison': 1, "Talent alone won't make you a success. Neither will being in the right place at the right time, unless you are ready. The most important question is: 'Are you ready?' -Johnny Carson": 1} 
secrets {'There are no secrets to success. It is the result of preparation, hard work, and learning from failure. -Colin Powell': 1} 
fault {"The nice thing about being a celebrity is that, if you bore people, they think it's their fault. -Henry Kissinger": 1} 
instantly {'There is a theory which states that if ever anyone discovers exactly what the Universe is for and why it is here, it will instantly disappear and be replaced by something even more bizarre and inexplicable. There is another theory which states that this has already happened. -Douglas Adams': 1} 
discoveries {"The most exciting phrase to hear in science, the one that heralds new discoveries, is not 'Eureka!' (I found it!) but 'That's funny...' -Isaac Asimov": 1} 
primacy {'The United States stands at the pinnacle of world power. This is a solemn moment for the American democracy. For with primacy in power is joined an awe-inspiring accountability for the future. -Winston Churchill': 1} 
supply {'Such is the delicacy of man alone, that no object is produced to his liking. He finds that in everything there is need for improvement. The whole industry of human life is employed not in procuring the supply of our three humble necessities, food, clothes and lodging, but in procuring the conveniences of it according to the nicety and delicacy of our tastes. -Adam Smith': 1, 'As scarce as truth is, the supply has always been in excess of the demand. -Josh Billings': 1} 
layer {'The surface of American society is covered with a layer of democratic paint, but from time to time one can see the old aristocratic colours breaking through. -Alexis de Tocqueville': 1} 
aristotle {'Probable impossibilities are to be preferred to improbable possibilities. -Aristotle': 1, 'One swallow does not make a summer. -Aristotle': 1, 'Friendship is a single soul dwelling in two bodies. -Aristotle': 1, "Anybody can become angry - that is easy, but to be angry with the right person and to the right degree and at the right time and for the right purpose, and in the right way - that is not within everybody's power and is not easy. -Aristotle": 1, 'It is unbecoming for young men to utter maxims. -Aristotle': 1, 'Bashfulness is an ornament to youth, but a reproach to old age. -Aristotle': 1, 'All human actions have one or more of these seven causes: chance, nature, compulsions, habit, reason, passion, desire. -Aristotle': 1, 'We are what we repeatedly do. Excellence, therefore, is not an act, but a habit. -Aristotle': 1, 'Mothers are fonder than fathers of their children because they are more certain they are their own. -Aristotle': 1, 'All men desire to know. -Aristotle': 1, 'All virtue is summed up in dealing justly. -Aristotle': 1} 
almost {'I almost had a pyschic girlfriend, but she left me before we met. -Steven Wright': 1, 'Education is the ability to listen to almost anything without losing your temper or your self-confidence. -Robert Frost': 1, 'In politics shared hatreds are almost always the basis of friendships. -Alexis de Tocqueville': 1, 'People can misinterpret almost anything so that it coincides with views they already hold. They take from art what they already believe. -Stanley Kubrick': 1, "I have come to the conclusion that my subjective account of my motivation is largely mythical on almost all occasions. I don't know why I do things. -J.B.S. Haldane": 1} 
thus {"Science is not about building a body of known 'facts'. It is a method for asking awkward questions and subjecting them to a reality-check, thus avoiding the human tendency to believe whatever makes us feel good. -Terry Pratchett": 1, 'In any fairly large and talkative community such as a university there is always the danger that those who think alike should gravitate together where they will henceforth encounter opposition only in the emasculated form of rumour that the outsiders say thus and thus. The absent are easily refuted, complacent dogmatism thrives, and differences of opinion are embittered by the group hostility. Each group hears not the best, but the worst, that the other group can say. -C.S. Lewis': 2, 'Thus the metric system did not really catch on in the States, unless you count the increasing popularity of the nine-millimeter bullet. -Dave Barry': 1, 'Genius may have its limitations, but stupidity is not thus handicapped. -Elbert Hubbard': 1, "Thus far, the reputed idiot Bush has graduated from Yale and Harvard, made a stack of cash in the oil industry, become the first consecutive-term governor of Texas, defeated a dual-term VP for the presidency, and led his party to [November 5th's] extraordinary triumphs. Let his opponents keep calling him stupid; if they do, within five years Bush will be King of England, the Pope, and world Formula One motor racing champion. -Tim Blair": 1, 'This does not mean that the enemy is to be allowed to escape. The object is to make him believe that there is a road to safety, and thus prevent his fighting with the courage of despair. After that, you may crush him. -Sun Tzu': 1, 'It is always thus, impelled by a state of mind which is destined not to last, that we make our irrevocable decisions. -Marcel Proust': 1} 
surface {'The surface of American society is covered with a layer of democratic paint, but from time to time one can see the old aristocratic colours breaking through. -Alexis de Tocqueville': 1, 'Through pride we are ever deceiving ourselves. But deep down below the surface of the average conscience a still, small voice says to us, something is out of tune. -Carl Jung': 1} 
roll {'Let the river roll which way it will, cities will rise on its banks. -Ralph Waldo Emerson': 1, "When they call the roll in the Senate, the Senators do not know whether to answer 'Present' or 'Not guilty.' -Theodore Roosevelt": 1} 
vp {"Thus far, the reputed idiot Bush has graduated from Yale and Harvard, made a stack of cash in the oil industry, become the first consecutive-term governor of Texas, defeated a dual-term VP for the presidency, and led his party to [November 5th's] extraordinary triumphs. Let his opponents keep calling him stupid; if they do, within five years Bush will be King of England, the Pope, and world Formula One motor racing champion. -Tim Blair": 1} 
lonely {'Beauty is ever to the lonely mind a shadow fleeting; she is never plain. She is a visitor who leaves behind the gift of grief, the souvenir of pain. -Christopher Morley': 1} 
against {'Rhis is to be asserted in general of men: that they are ungrateful, fickle, false, cowardly, covetous, and as long as you succeed, are yours entirely; they will offer you their blood, property, life, and children...when the need is far distant; but when it approaches, they will turn against you. -Nicolo Machiavelli': 1, 'There are several good protections against temptation, but the surest is cowardice. -Mark Twain': 1, 'Against criticism a man can neither protest nor defend himself; he must act in spite of it, and then it will gradually yield to him. -Johann Wolfgang von Goethe': 1, 'Women are the only realists; their whole object in life is to pit their realism against the extravagant, excessive, and occasionally drunken idealism of men. -GK Chesterton': 1, 'It is always more difficult to fight against faith than against knowledge. -Adolf Hitler': 2, 'The means of defense against foreign danger historically have become the instruments of tyranny at home. -James Madison': 1, 'In the councils of government, we must guard against the acquisition of unwarranted influence, whether sought or unsought, by the military-industrial complex. -Dwight Eisenhower': 1, 'The best defense against usurpatory government is an assertive citizenry. -William F. Buckley': 1, 'If you will not fight for the right when you can easily win without bloodshed; if you will not fight when your victory will be sure and not too costly; you may come to the moment when you will have to fight with all the odds against you and only a small chance of survival. There may even be a worse case: you may have to fight when there is no hope of victory, because it is better to perish than to live as slaves. -Winston Churchill': 1} 
dual {"Thus far, the reputed idiot Bush has graduated from Yale and Harvard, made a stack of cash in the oil industry, become the first consecutive-term governor of Texas, defeated a dual-term VP for the presidency, and led his party to [November 5th's] extraordinary triumphs. Let his opponents keep calling him stupid; if they do, within five years Bush will be King of England, the Pope, and world Formula One motor racing champion. -Tim Blair": 1} 
lifetime {'Patriotism is not short, frenzied outbursts of emotion, but the tranquil and steady dedication of a lifetime. -Adlai Stevenson': 1} 
sits {'Truth sits upon the lips of dying men. -Matthew Arnold': 1} 
shooting {'Serious sport has nothing to do with fair play. It is bound up with hatred, jealousy, boastfulness, disregard of all rules and sadistic pleasure in witnessing violence. In other words: it is war minus the shooting. -George Orwell': 1} 
perhaps {'That the innocent, though they may have some connexion or dependency upon the guilty (which, perhaps, they themselves cannot help), should not, upon that account, suffer or be punished for the guilty, is one of the plainest and most obvious rules of justice. -Adam Smith': 1, 'Perhaps one of the most important accomplishments of my administration has been minding my own business. -Calvin Coolidge': 1, 'There are perhaps no days of our childhood we lived so fully as those we spent with a favorite book. -Marcel Proust': 1, 'Politics is perhaps the only profession for which no preparation is thought necessary. -Robert Louis Stevenson': 1, 'No nation keeps its word. A nation is a big, blind worm, following what? Fate perhaps. A nation has no honor, it has no word to keep. -Carl Jung': 1, 'When nothing seems to help, I go and look at a stonecutter hammering away at his rock perhaps a hundred times without as much as a crack showing in it. Yet at the hundred and first blow it will split in two, and I know it was not that blow that did it, but all that had gone before. -Jacob August Riis': 1} 
privileges {'A people that values its privileges above its principles soon loses both. -Dwight Eisenhower': 1} 
concealing {"Don't join the book burners. Do not think you are going to conceal thoughts by concealing evidence that they ever existed. -Dwight Eisenhower": 1} 
frank moore colby {'Cast your cares on God; that anchor holds. -Frank Moore Colby': 1} 
cross {"I think it's the duty of the comedian to find out where the line is drawn and cross it deliberately. -George Carlin": 1} 
thomas jefferson {'It is error alone which needs the support of government. Truth can stand by itself. -Thomas Jefferson': 1, 'Every difference of opinion is not a difference of principle. We have called by different names brethren of the same principle. -Thomas Jefferson': 1, 'Question with boldness even the existence of a God; because, if there be one, he must more approve of the homage of reason, than that of blind-folded fear. -Thomas Jefferson': 1, 'When angry, count ten before you speak; if very angry, a hundred. -Thomas Jefferson': 1, 'Nothing gives one person so much advantage over another as to remain always cool and unruffled under all circumstances. -Thomas Jefferson': 1} 
phillip k. dick {"Reality is that which, when you stop believing in it, doesn't go away. -Phillip K. Dick": 1} 
romance {'And what\x92s romance? Usually, a nice little tale where you have everything As You Like It, where rain never wets your jacket and gnats never bite your nose and it\x92s always daisy-time. -D.H. Lawrence': 1} 
kurt vonnegut {'The worst thing that could happen to anybody, would be to not be used for anything by anybody. -Kurt Vonnegut': 1, 'Maturity is a bitter disappointment for which no remedy exists, unless laughter can be said to remedy anything. -Kurt Vonnegut': 1, 'Any reviewer who expresses rage and loathing for a novel is preposterous. He or she is like a person who has put on full armor and attacked a hot fudge sundae. -Kurt Vonnegut': 1, 'New knowledge is the most valuable commodity on earth. The more truth we have to work with, the richer we become. -Kurt Vonnegut': 1, "The practice of art isn't to make a living. It's to make your soul grow. -Kurt Vonnegut": 1} 
cope {'For me, survival is the ability to cope with difficulties, with circumstances, and to overcome them. -Nelson Mandela': 1} 
parts {'We ascribe beauty to that which is simple; which has no superfluous parts; which exactly answers its end; which stands related to all things; which is the mean of many extremes. -Ralph Waldo Emerson': 1} 
largest {"I have a hobby...I have the world's largest collection of sea shells. I keep it scattered on beaches all over the world. Maybe you've seen some of it... -Steven Wright": 1} 
party {'The last thing a political party gives up is its vocabulary. -Alexis de Tocqueville': 1, "Thus far, the reputed idiot Bush has graduated from Yale and Harvard, made a stack of cash in the oil industry, become the first consecutive-term governor of Texas, defeated a dual-term VP for the presidency, and led his party to [November 5th's] extraordinary triumphs. Let his opponents keep calling him stupid; if they do, within five years Bush will be King of England, the Pope, and world Formula One motor racing champion. -Tim Blair": 1, "I'm the type who'd be happy not going anywhere as long as I was sure I knew exactly what was happening at the places I wasn't going to. I'm the type who'd like to sit home and watch every party that I'm invited to on a monitor in my bedroom. -Andy Warhol": 1} 
gets {'Opera is when a guy gets stabbed in the back and, instead of bleeding, he sings. -Ed Gardner': 1, "It ain't what you don't know that gets you into trouble. It's what you know for sure that just ain't so. -Mark Twain": 1, "Playwriting gets into your blood and you can't stop it. At least, not until the producers or the public tell you to. -T.S. Eliot": 1} 
privileged {"It is necessary for the welfare of society that genius should be privileged to utter sedition, to blaspheme, to outrage good taste, to corrupt the youthful mind, and generally to scandalize one's uncles. -George Bernard Shaw": 1} 
difficult {'It is always more difficult to fight against faith than against knowledge. -Adolf Hitler': 1, 'It must be remembered that there is nothing more difficult to plan, more doubtful of success nor more dangerous to manage than the creation of a new system. For the initiator has the enmity of all who profit by the preservation of the old institution and merely lukewarm defenders in those who would gain by the new one. -Nicolo Machiavelli': 1, 'Prediction is very difficult, especially about the future. -Niels Bohr': 1, 'Remember not only to say the right thing in the right place, but far more difficult still, to leave unsaid the wrong thing at the tempting moment. -Benjamin Franklin': 1} 
sincerest {'Imitation is the sincerest of flattery. -Charles Caleb Colton': 1} 
ball {"If a woman has to choose between catching a fly ball and saving an infant's life, she will choose to save the infant's life without even considering if there are men on base. -Dave Barry": 1} 
slave {'I believe this government cannot endure permanently half slave and half free. -Abraham Lincoln': 1, 'The Nation which indulges toward another an habitual hatred or an habitual fondness is in some degree a slave. It is a slave to its animosity or to its affection, either of which is sufficient to lead it astray from its duty and its interest. -George Washington': 2, 'As I would not be a slave, so I would not be a master. This expresses my idea of democracy. Whatever differs from this, to the extent of the difference, is no democracy. -Abraham Lincoln': 1} 
calvin coolidge {'If you see ten troubles coming down the road, you can be sure that nine will run into the ditch before they reach you. -Calvin Coolidge': 1, 'Perhaps one of the most important accomplishments of my administration has been minding my own business. -Calvin Coolidge': 1, 'I have never been hurt by what I have not said. -Calvin Coolidge': 1, 'Advertising is the life of trade. -Calvin Coolidge': 1, 'Heroism is not only in the man, but in the occasion. -Calvin Coolidge': 1, 'The nation which forgets its defenders will be itself forgotten. -Calvin Coolidge': 1, 'Knowledge comes, but wisdom lingers. -Calvin Coolidge': 1, 'Four-fifths of all our troubles would disappear, if we would only sit down and keep still. -Calvin Coolidge': 1, 'Collecting more taxes than is absolutely necessary is legalized robbery. -Calvin Coolidge': 1} 
absorb {"It is a scientific fact that your body will not absorb cholesterol if you take it from another person's plate. -Dave Barry": 1} 
conceived {'Reason is experimental intelligence, conceived after the pattern of science, and used in the creation of social arts; it has something to do. It liberates man from the bondage of the past, due to ignorance and accident hardened into custom. It projects a better future and assists man in its realization. -John Dewey': 1} 
upon {"May God have mercy upon my enemies, because I won't. -George Patton": 1, 'Fame is a fickle food upon a shifting plate. -Emily Dickinson': 1, 'The eyes of the world are upon you. The hopes and prayers of liberty-loving people everywhere march with you. -Dwight Eisenhower': 1, "Money never made a man happy yet, nor will it. There is nothing in its nature to produce happiness. The more a man has, the more he wants. Instead of its filling a vacuum, it makes one. If it satisfies one want, it doubles and trebles that want another way. That was a true proverb of the wise man, rely upon it; ''Better is little with the fear of the Lord, than great treasure, and trouble therewith. -Benjamin Franklin": 1, 'No sooner do we depart from sense and instinct to follow reason but we are insensibly drawn into uncouth paradoxes, difficulties, and inconsistencies, which multiply and grow upon us as we advance in speculation; till at length, having wandered through many intricate mazes, we find ourselves just where we were, or, which is worse, sit down in a forlorn scepticism. -George Berkeley': 1, 'Alexander, Caesar, Charlemagne, and myself founded empires; but what foundation did we rest the creations of our genius? Upon force. Jesus Christ founded an empire upon love; and at this hour millions of men would die for Him. -Napoleon Bonaparte': 2, 'Death and life have their determined appointments; riches and honors depend upon heaven. -Confucius': 1, 'The greatest monarch on the proudest throne is obliged to sit upon his own arse. -Benjamin Franklin': 1, 'That the innocent, though they may have some connexion or dependency upon the guilty (which, perhaps, they themselves cannot help), should not, upon that account, suffer or be punished for the guilty, is one of the plainest and most obvious rules of justice. -Adam Smith': 2, 'Truth sits upon the lips of dying men. -Matthew Arnold': 1, 'Knowledge rests not upon truth alone, but upon error also. -Carl Jung': 2, 'Success, the real success, does not depend upon the position you hold but upon how you carry yourself in that position. -Theodore Roosevelt': 2} 
diplomat {"A diplomat is a man who always remembers a woman's birthday but never remembers her age. -Robert Frost": 1} 
john bartlett {'I have gathered a posie of other men\x92s flowers, and nothing but the thread that binds them is mine own. -John Bartlett': 1} 
sooner {'No sooner do we depart from sense and instinct to follow reason but we are insensibly drawn into uncouth paradoxes, difficulties, and inconsistencies, which multiply and grow upon us as we advance in speculation; till at length, having wandered through many intricate mazes, we find ourselves just where we were, or, which is worse, sit down in a forlorn scepticism. -George Berkeley': 1, 'There is hardly a political question in the United States which does not sooner or later turn into a judicial one. -Alexis de Tocqueville': 1} 
student {'Christmas can be celebrated in the school room with pine trees, tinsel and reindeers, but there must be no mention of the man whose birthday is being celebrated. One wonders how a teacher would answer if a student asked why it was called Christmas. -Ronald Reagan': 1} 
dust {"A man's very highest moment is, I have no doubt at all, when he kneels in the dust, and beats his breast, and tells all the sins of his life. -Oscar Wilde": 1, 'The mind of the thoroughly well-informed man is a dreadful thing. It is like a bric-\xe0-brac shop, all monsters and dust, with everything priced above its proper value. -Oscar Wilde': 1} 
frequently {'Ignorance more frequently begets confidence than does knowledge. -Charles Darwin': 1, 'Back in the old days, most families were close-knit. Grown children and their parents continued to live together, under the same roof, sometimes in the same small, crowded room, year in and year out, until they died, frequently by strangulation. -Dave Barry': 1} 
liberality {'As Mankind becomes more liberal, they will be more apt to allow that all those who conduct themselves as worthy members of the community are equally entitled to the protections of civil government. I hope ever to see America among the foremost nations of justice and liberality. -George Washington': 1} 
judgment {'I mistrust the judgment of every man in a case in which his own wishes are concerned. -Daniel Webster': 1, 'Reason and judgment are the qualities of a leader. -Tacitus': 1} 
expand {'The time which we have at our disposal every day is elastic; the passions we feel expand it, those that we inspire contract it, and habit fills up what remains. -Marcel Proust': 1} 
poultry {'The sleeping fox catches no poultry. -Benjamin Franklin': 1} 
arse {'The greatest monarch on the proudest throne is obliged to sit upon his own arse. -Benjamin Franklin': 1} 
paycheck {'Never confuse the size of your paycheck with the size of your talent. -Marlon Brando': 1} 
argue {'When you have the facts on your side, argue the facts. When you have the law on your side, argue the law. When you have neither, holler. -Al Gore': 2, 'I arrive at the end of this review having done my duty as a critic. I have described the movie accurately and you have a good idea what you are in for if you go to see it. Most of you will not. I cannot argue with you. Some of you will--the brave and the curious. You embody the spirit of the man who first wondered what it would taste like to eat an oyster. -Roger Ebert': 1, 'Fear not those who argue but those who dodge. -Dale Carnegie': 1, 'To defend Western Europe we have to let the Pentagon buy all these tanks and guns and things, and the Pentagon is unable to buy any object that that costs less than a condominium in Vail. If the Pentagon needs, say, fruit, it will argue that it must have fruit that can withstand the rigors of combat conditions, and it will wind up purchasing the FX-700 Seedless Tactical Grape, which will cost $160,000 per bunch, and will have an 83 percent failure rate. -Dave Barry': 1} 
off {'Surely what a man does when he is caught off his guard is the best evidence as to what sort of man he is. -C.S. Lewis': 1, 'If I feel physically as if the top of my head were taken off, I know that is poetry. -Emily Dickinson': 1, 'Every year, back comes Spring, with nasty little birds yapping their fool heads off and the ground all mucked up with plants. -Dorothy Parker': 1, 'Slang is the language which takes off its coat, spits on its hands - and goes to work. -Carl Sandburg': 1, 'Egalitarians create the most dangerous inequality of all -- inequality of power. Allowing politicians to determine what all other human beings will be allowed to earn is one of the most reckless gambles imaginable. Like the income tax, it may start off being applied only to the rich but it will inevitably reach us all. -Thomas Sowell': 1} 
reflection {"My role in society, or any artist's or poet's role, is to try and express what we all feel. Not to tell people how to feel. Not as a preacher, not as a leader, but as a reflection of us all. -John Lennon": 1} 
i {"May God have mercy upon my enemies, because I won't. -George Patton": 1, 'I love deadlines. I especially like the whooshing sound they make as they go flying by. -Douglas Adams': 2, "I didn't attend the funeral, but I sent a nice letter saying I approved of it. -Mark Twain": 3, "The most exciting phrase to hear in science, the one that heralds new discoveries, is not 'Eureka!' (I found it!) but 'That's funny...' -Isaac Asimov": 1, "I've worked for four presidents and watched two others up close, and I know that there's no such thing as a routine day in the Oval Office. -Dick Cheney": 1, "I planted some bird seed. A bird came up. Now I don't know what to feed it. -Steven Wright": 2, "Happiness is so hard to define and foolish to define. Am I acting? That's the worst thing you can ask yourself. You can be happy suddenly. It can spring on you, not when you reach a plateau. You can be happy going backward or going down. You can be happy at the loss of something. -Steve Martin": 1, 'I dote on his very absence. -William Shakespeare': 1, 'I will honor Christmas in my heart, and try to keep it all the year. -Charles Dickens': 1, 'My aim is to put down on paper what I see and what I feel in the best and simplest way. -Ernest Hemingway': 2, "The puritanism of Christianity has played havoc with the moderation that an enlightened and tolerant critical spirit would have produced. I've noticed that in whatever country, county, town, or other region there is a regulation enjoining temperance, the population seems to be entirely composed of teetotallers and drunkards. There's a Bible on that shelf there. But I keep it next to Voltaire - poison and antidote. -Bertrand Russell": 1, 'All men are frauds. The only difference between them is that some admit it. I myself deny it. -Henry Mencken': 1, 'It has been said that man is a rational animal. All my life I have been searching for evidence which could support this. -Bertrand Russell': 1, 'As Mankind becomes more liberal, they will be more apt to allow that all those who conduct themselves as worthy members of the community are equally entitled to the protections of civil government. I hope ever to see America among the foremost nations of justice and liberality. -George Washington': 1, 'Two roads diverged in a wood, and I...I took the one less traveled by, and that has made all the difference. -Robert Frost': 2, 'Providence protects children and idiots. I know because I have tested it. -Mark Twain': 2, 'I have been the artist with the longest career, and I am so proud and honoured to be chosen from heaven to be invincible. -Michael Jackson': 2, 'I have never let my schooling interfere with my education. -Mark Twain': 1, 'I almost had a pyschic girlfriend, but she left me before we met. -Steven Wright': 1, 'Whatever affects one directly, affects all indirectly. I can never be what I ought to be until you are what you ought to be. This is the interrelated structure of reality. -Martin Luther King Jr.': 2, 'The hour of departure has arrived, and we go our ways - I to die, and you to live. Which is better God only knows. -Plato': 1, 'When I took office, only high energy physicists had ever heard of what is called the Worldwide Web....now even my cat has its own page. -Bill Clinton': 1, 'I am a writer of books in retrospect. I talk in order to understand; I teach in order to learn. -Robert Frost': 3, 'I never see what has been done; I only see what remains to be done. -Siddhartha Buddha': 2, "Just because I look sexy on the cover of Rolling Stone doesn't mean I'm naughty. -Britney Spears": 1, 'I have gathered a posie of other men\x92s flowers, and nothing but the thread that binds them is mine own. -John Bartlett': 1, "I think, at a child's birth, if a mother could ask a fairy godmother to endow it with the most useful gift, that gift should be curiosity. -Eleanor Roosevelt": 1, "The only kind of seafood I trust is the fish stick, a totally featureless fish that doesn't have eyeballs or fins. -Dave Barry": 1, "I realise that I'm making gender-based generalizations here, but my feeling is that if God did not want us to make gender-based generalizations, She would not have given us genders. -Dave Barry": 1, 'I never knew what real happiness was until I got married, and by then it was too late. -Max Kaufman': 2, 'I could not handle being a woman, I would stay home all day and play with my breasts. -Steve Martin': 2, 'The first thing I do in the morning is brush my teeth and sharpen my tongue. -Dorothy Parker': 1, 'Show me a thoroughly satisfied man and I will show you a failure. -Thomas Edison': 1, "I think it's the duty of the comedian to find out where the line is drawn and cross it deliberately. -George Carlin": 1, "Don't walk in front of me, I may not follow. Don't walk behind me, I may not lead. Just walk beside me and be my friend. -Albert Camus": 2, "A University of Chicago professor said the greatest day in the world was when a water puppy crawled out on land and decided to stay. The water puppy, he said, went on to become a man. If he proves that, I am willing to give up Christmas, Thanksgiving, and New Year's Day, and to celebrate Water Puppy Day. -William Jennings Bryan": 1, 'I have never been hurt by what I have not said. -Calvin Coolidge': 2, 'Goldie and I did have a car stolen right out of our yard. It took us three days to notice. -Kurt Russell': 1, 'The older I grow the more I distrust the familiar doctrine that age brings wisdom. -Henry Mencken': 2, "As a woman, I find it very embarrassing to be in a meeting and realize I'm the only one in the room with balls. -Rita Mae Brown": 1, 'I hope that when you are my age, you will be able to say as I have been able to say: We lived in freedom. We lived lives that were a statement, not an apology. -Ronald Reagan': 2, "I like to say that I'm bisexual...when I want sex, I buy it. -Boy George": 3, 'I think the best possible social program is a job. -Ronald Reagan': 1, 'As I would not be a slave, so I would not be a master. This expresses my idea of democracy. Whatever differs from this, to the extent of the difference, is no democracy. -Abraham Lincoln': 2, 'Life is no brief candle to me. It is a sort of splendid torch which I have got a hold of for the moment, and I want to make it burn as brightly as possible before handing it onto future generations. -George Bernard Shaw': 2, 'Old age is fifteen years older than I am. -Oliver Wendell Holmes': 1, 'I hate war as only a soldier who has lived it can, only as one who has seen its brutality, its futility, its stupidity. -Dwight Eisenhower': 1, "I love argument, I love debate. I don't expect anyone just to sit there and agree with me, that's not their job. -Margaret Thatcher": 3, 'I mistrust the judgment of every man in a case in which his own wishes are concerned. -Daniel Webster': 1, "A man's very highest moment is, I have no doubt at all, when he kneels in the dust, and beats his breast, and tells all the sins of his life. -Oscar Wilde": 1, 'Children today know more about sex than I or my father did. -Bill Cosby': 1, 'I have never taken any exercise except sleeping and resting. -Mark Twain': 1, "I love Thanksgiving. It's the only time in Los Angeles that you see natural breasts. -Arnold Schwarzenegger": 1, "You give me a credit to which I have no claim in calling me 'the writer of the Constitution of the United States.' This was not, like the fabled Goddess of Wisdom, the offspring of a single brain. It ought to be regarded as the work of many heads and many hands. -James Madison": 1, 'I would not join any club that would have someone like me for a member. -Groucho Marx': 1, "I have come to the conclusion that my subjective account of my motivation is largely mythical on almost all occasions. I don't know why I do things. -J.B.S. Haldane": 3, 'The ACLU is always yakking about the Constitution, and most of us are getting mighty tired of it. I mean, if the Constitution is so great, how come it was amended so many times? Huh? -Dave Barry': 1, 'I went out to the country so i could examine the simple things in life. -Henry Thoreau': 2, 'I am Envy. I cannot read and therefore wish all books burned. -Christopher Marlowe': 2, 'I think and think for months and years, ninety-nine times, the conclusion is false. The hundredth time I am right. -Albert Einstein': 2, "I paid too much for it, but it's worth it. -Samuel Goldwyn": 1, "I didn't come to Washington to be loved and I haven't been disappointed. -Philip L. Gramm": 2, 'I honestly think it is better to be a failure at something you love than to be a success at something you hate. -George Burns': 1, "All I want out of life, is that when I walk down the street folks will say, 'There goes the greatest hitter that ever lived.' -Ted Williams": 2, "My life has no purpose, no direction, no aim, no meaning, and yet I'm happy. I can't figure it out. What am I doing right? -Charles Schulz": 2, 'From kindergarten to graduation, I went to public schools, and I know that they are a key to being sure that every child has a chance to succeed and to rise in the world. -Dick Cheney': 2, "To me, clowns aren't funny. In fact, they're kinda scary. I've wondered where this started, and I think it goes back to the time I went to the circus and a clown killed my dad. -Jack Handey": 2, 'He has all the virtues I dislike and none of the vices I admire. -Winston Churchill': 2, "Of course I don't believe in it. But I understand that it brings you luck whether you believe in it or not. -Niels Bohr": 2, "I once said cynically of a politician, 'He'll doublecross that bridge when he comes to it.' -Oscar Levant": 1, 'Though I am not naturally honest, I am sometimes by chance. -William Shakespeare': 2, 'What you do speaks so loudly that I cannot hear what you say. -Ralph Waldo Emerson': 1, 'I have one yardstick by which I test every major problem-and that yardstick is: Is it good for America? -Dwight Eisenhower': 2, "I had a dream the other night. I dreamed that Jimmy Carter came to me and asked why I wanted his job. I told him I didn't want his job. I want to be President. -Ronald Reagan": 6, "Instead of a trap door, what about a trap window? The guy looks out it, and if he leans too far, he falls out. Wait. I guess that's like a regular window. -Jack Handey": 1, 'If I feel physically as if the top of my head were taken off, I know that is poetry. -Emily Dickinson': 2, 'I have often wondered how it is that every man loves himself more than all the rest of men, but yet sets less value on his own opinion of himself than on the opinion of others. -Marcus Aurelius': 1, 'Few people think more than two or three times a year. I have made an international reputation for myself by thinking once or twice a week. -George Bernard Shaw': 1, "I'm the type who'd be happy not going anywhere as long as I was sure I knew exactly what was happening at the places I wasn't going to. I'm the type who'd like to sit home and watch every party that I'm invited to on a monitor in my bedroom. -Andy Warhol": 3, 'I do not believe one can settle how much we ought to give. I am afraid the only safe rule is to give more than we can spare. -C.S. Lewis': 2, 'I believe the highest aspiration of man should be individual freedom and the development of the individual. -Ronald Reagan': 1, 'I thought it completely absurd to mention my name in the same breath as the Presidency. -Dwight Eisenhower': 1, "Unless the religious claims of the Bible are again acknowledged, its literary claims will, I think, be given only 'mouth honour' and that decreasingly. -C.S. Lewis": 1, 'Without question, the greatest invention in the history of mankind is beer. Oh, I grant you that the wheel was also a fine invention, but the wheel does not go nearly as well with pizza. -Dave Barry': 1, 'I am a strong believer in luck and I find the harder I work the more I have of it. -Benjamin Franklin': 4, 'If my children wake up on Christmas morning and have someone to thank for putting candy in their stocking, have I no one to thank for putting two feet in mine? -GK Chesterton': 1, 'We are all worms, but I do believe I am a glow-worm. -Winston Churchill': 2, "I know God will not give me anything I can't handle. I just wish that He didn't trust me so much. -Mother Teresa": 3, "I'm never going to be famous. My name will never be writ large on the roster of Those Who Do Things. I don't do any thing. Not one single thing. I used to bite my nails, but I don't even do that any more. -Dorothy Parker": 3, 'I confess, I do not believe in time. -Vladimir Nabokov': 2, 'I arrive at the end of this review having done my duty as a critic. I have described the movie accurately and you have a good idea what you are in for if you go to see it. Most of you will not. I cannot argue with you. Some of you will--the brave and the curious. You embody the spirit of the man who first wondered what it would taste like to eat an oyster. -Roger Ebert': 3, "I just want to do God's will. -Martin Luther King Jr.": 1, ".I had to face the horrible truth: The antitobacco people are lying. Smoking really is cool. And I'm less cool for not doing it. -Tucker Carlson": 1, "I've been accused of vulgarity. I say that's bullshit. -Mel Brooks": 1, "I think a good gift for the president would be a chocolate revolver. And since he's so busy, you'd probably have to run up to him and hand it to him. -Jack Handey": 1, 'I believe this government cannot endure permanently half slave and half free. -Abraham Lincoln': 1, "Immature love says: 'I love you because I need you.' Mature love says: 'I need you because I love you.' -Erich Fromm": 4, "I don't make jokes. I just watch the government and report the facts. -Will Rogers": 2, "When I see a play and understand it the first time, then I know it can't be much good. -T.S. Eliot": 2, 'A word is dead when it is said, some say. I say it just begins to live that day. -Emily Dickinson': 1, 'I always cheer up immensely if an attack is particularly wounding because I think, well, if they attack one personally, it means they have not a single political argument left. -Margaret Thatcher': 2, 'I believe in Christianity as I believe that the sun has risen, not only because I see it, but because by it I see everything else. -C.S. Lewis': 4, "I have a hobby...I have the world's largest collection of sea shells. I keep it scattered on beaches all over the world. Maybe you've seen some of it... -Steven Wright": 3, 'I may be drunk, Miss, but in the morning I will be sober and you will still be ugly. -Winston Churchill': 2, 'I was angry with my friend I told my wrath, my wrath did end. I was angry with my foe: I told it not, my wrath did grow. -William Blake': 4, 'I get to go to lots of overseas places, like Canada. -Britney Spears': 1, "I told my psychiatrist that everyone hates me. He said I was being ridiculous - everyone hasn't met me yet. -Rodney Dangerfield": 2, 'The Bible is not my book, and Christianity is not my religion. I could never give assent to the long, complicated statements of Christian dogma. -Abraham Lincoln': 1, 'I love writing. I love the swirl and swing of words as they tangle with human emotions. -James Michener': 2, 'I have never started a poem yet whose end I knew. Writing a poem is discovering. -Robert Frost': 2, 'I feel impelled to speak today in a language that in a sense is new-one which I, who have spent so much of my life in the military profession, would have preferred never to use. That new language is the language of atomic warfare. -Dwight Eisenhower': 2, 'I made this letter longer than usual because I lack the time to make it short. -Blaise Pascal': 2, 'The thought of being president frightens me. I do not think I want the job. -Ronald Reagan': 2, "I cried because I had no shoes, 'till I met a man who had no feet. So I said, 'You got any shoes you're not using'? -Steven Wright": 4, "What I don't like about office Christmas parties is looking for a job the next day. -Phyllis Diller": 1, "I don't work according to nature, but infront and together with it. An artist must observe the nature, but never confuse it with the art. -Pablo Picasso": 1, "We seem to be going through a period of nostalgia, and everyone seems to think yesterday was better than today. I don't think it was, and I would advise you not to wait ten years before admitting today was great. If you're hung up on nostalgia, pretend today is yesterday and just go out and have one hell of a time. -Art Buchwald": 2, 'If Al Gore invented the Internet, I invented spell check. -Dan Quayle': 1, 'It is a grand mistake to think of being great without goodness and I pronounce it as certain that there was never a truly great man that was not at the same time truly virtuous. -Benjamin Franklin': 1, "Without computers, the government would be unable to function at the level of effectiveness and efficiency that we have come to expect.  This is because the primary function of the government is -- and here I am quoting directly from the U.S. Constitution -- 'to spew out paper.' -Dave Barry": 1, "When this girl at the museum asked me who I liked better, Monet or Manet, I said, 'I like mayonnaise.' She just stared at me, so I said it again, louder. Then she left. I guess she went to try to find some mayonnaise for me. -Jack Handey": 5, 'In the Orthodox spiritual tradition, the ultimate moral question we ask is the following: Is what we are doing, is what I am doing, beautiful or not? -Carolyn Gifford': 1, 'When nothing seems to help, I go and look at a stonecutter hammering away at his rock perhaps a hundred times without as much as a crack showing in it. Yet at the hundred and first blow it will split in two, and I know it was not that blow that did it, but all that had gone before. -Jacob August Riis': 2, 'For a time, at least, I was the most famous person in the entire world. -Jesse Owens': 1, 'I believe one of the reasons so many do not get a higher education is the fear of their parents that they will lose more morally than they will receive mentally. -William Jennings Bryan': 1, 'I like television. I still believe that television is the most powerful form of communication on Earth -- I just hate what is being done with it. -Alton Brown': 3, "I don't always know what I'm talking about but I know I'm right. -Muhammad Ali": 2, 'If you have an apple and I have an apple and we exchange these apples then you and I will still each have one apple. But if you have an idea and I have an idea and we exchange these ideas, then each of us will have two ideas. -George Bernard Shaw': 3, 'I wake each morning torn between the desire to improve the world and the desire to enjoy it. It makes it hard to plan the day. -E.B. White': 1, "I don't care what is written about me, so long as it isn't true. -Dorothy Parker": 1, 'I like your Christ, I do not like your Christians. Your Christians are so unlike your Christ. -Mahatma Gandhi': 2, "I think computer viruses should count as life. I think it says something about human nature that the only form of life we have created so far is purely destructive. We've created life in our own image. -Stephen Hawking": 2, 'Nothing before had ever made me thoroughly realise, though I had read various scientific books, that science consists in grouping facts so that general laws or conclusions may be drawn from them. -Charles Darwin': 1} 
approve {'Question with boldness even the existence of a God; because, if there be one, he must more approve of the homage of reason, than that of blind-folded fear. -Thomas Jefferson': 1} 
enamored {'Americans are so enamored of equality, they would rather be equal in slavery than unequal in freedom. -Alexis de Tocqueville': 1} 
well {'There is wishful thinking in Hell as well as on Earth. -C.S. Lewis': 1, 'Education is an admirable thing, but it is well to remember from time to time that nothing that is worth knowing can be taught. -Oscar Wilde': 1, 'Skepticism is a virtue in history as well as in philosophy. -Napoleon Bonaparte': 1, 'There are men in all ages who mean to govern well, but they mean to govern. They promise to be good masters, but they mean to be masters. -Daniel Webster': 1, 'If a man is called to be a streetsweeper, he should sweep streets even as Michelangelo painted, or Beethoven composed music, or Shakespeare wrote poetry. He should sweep streets so well that all the host of heaven and earth will pause to say, here lived a great streetsweeper who did his job well. -Martin Luther King Jr.': 2, 'Too many poets delude themselves by thinking that the mind is dangerous and must be left out. Well, the mind is dangerous and must be left in. -Robert Frost': 1, 'The mind of the thoroughly well-informed man is a dreadful thing. It is like a bric-\xe0-brac shop, all monsters and dust, with everything priced above its proper value. -Oscar Wilde': 1, 'I always cheer up immensely if an attack is particularly wounding because I think, well, if they attack one personally, it means they have not a single political argument left. -Margaret Thatcher': 1, 'Without question, the greatest invention in the history of mankind is beer. Oh, I grant you that the wheel was also a fine invention, but the wheel does not go nearly as well with pizza. -Dave Barry': 1, 'Well-timed silence hath more eloquence than speech. -Martin Farquhar Tupper': 1, 'Beauty is all very well at first sight; but whoever looks at it when it has been in the house three days? -George Bernard Shaw': 1} 
fighting {'If tyranny and oppression come to this land, it will be in the guise of fighting a foreign enemy. -James Madison': 1, 'This does not mean that the enemy is to be allowed to escape. The object is to make him believe that there is a road to safety, and thus prevent his fighting with the courage of despair. After that, you may crush him. -Sun Tzu': 1} 
thought {'Politics is perhaps the only profession for which no preparation is thought necessary. -Robert Louis Stevenson': 1, 'Theology is only thought applied to religion. -GK Chesterton': 1, 'I thought it completely absurd to mention my name in the same breath as the Presidency. -Dwight Eisenhower': 1, "This is slavery, not to speak one's thought. -Euripides": 1, 'If there is any principle of the Constitution that more imperatively calls for attachment than any other it is the principle of free thought, not free thought for those who agree with us but freedom for the thought that we hate. -Oliver Wendell Holmes': 3, 'The thought of being president frightens me. I do not think I want the job. -Ronald Reagan': 1, 'It is by the goodness of God that, in this country, we have three benefits: freedom of speech, freedom of thought, and the wisdom never to use either. -Mark Twain': 1} 
tricks {"You can't teach an old dogma new tricks. -Dorothy Parker": 1} 
command {'If we command our wealth, we shall be rich and free; if our wealth commands us, we are poor indeed. -Edmund Burke': 1, 'He that cannot obey, cannot command. -Benjamin Franklin': 1} 
sets {'I have often wondered how it is that every man loves himself more than all the rest of men, but yet sets less value on his own opinion of himself than on the opinion of others. -Marcus Aurelius': 1} 
position {'Success, the real success, does not depend upon the position you hold but upon how you carry yourself in that position. -Theodore Roosevelt': 2} 
drawing {'Art, like morality, consists in drawing the line somewhere. -GK Chesterton': 1} 
usual {'I made this letter longer than usual because I lack the time to make it short. -Blaise Pascal': 1} 
excessive {'Women are the only realists; their whole object in life is to pit their realism against the extravagant, excessive, and occasionally drunken idealism of men. -GK Chesterton': 1} 
cried {"I cried because I had no shoes, 'till I met a man who had no feet. So I said, 'You got any shoes you're not using'? -Steven Wright": 1} 
less {'It is the dissimilarities and inequalities among men which give rise to the notion of honor; as such differences become less, it grows feeble; and when they disappear, it will vanish too. -Alexis de Tocqueville': 1, 'Two roads diverged in a wood, and I...I took the one less traveled by, and that has made all the difference. -Robert Frost': 1, 'To defend Western Europe we have to let the Pentagon buy all these tanks and guns and things, and the Pentagon is unable to buy any object that that costs less than a condominium in Vail. If the Pentagon needs, say, fruit, it will argue that it must have fruit that can withstand the rigors of combat conditions, and it will wind up purchasing the FX-700 Seedless Tactical Grape, which will cost $160,000 per bunch, and will have an 83 percent failure rate. -Dave Barry': 1, 'Rome remained free for four hundred years and Sparta eight hundred, although their citizens were armed all that time; but many other states that have been disarmed have lost their liberties in less than forty years. -Nicolo Machiavelli': 1, 'The act of policing is, in order to punish less often, to punish more severely. -Napoleon Bonaparte': 1, ".I had to face the horrible truth: The antitobacco people are lying. Smoking really is cool. And I'm less cool for not doing it. -Tucker Carlson": 1, 'I have often wondered how it is that every man loves himself more than all the rest of men, but yet sets less value on his own opinion of himself than on the opinion of others. -Marcus Aurelius': 1} 
moments {'Certain thoughts are prayers. There are moments when, whatever be the attitude of the body, the soul is on its knees. -Victor Hugo': 1, 'This moment contains all moments. -C.S. Lewis': 1} 
accurate {'The power of accurate observation is commonly called cynicism by those who have not got it. -George Bernard Shaw': 1} 
executive {'Under the doctrine of the separation of powers, the manner in which the president personally exercises his assigned executive powers is not subject to questioning by another branch of government. -Richard Nixon': 1} 
obtain {'They that can give up essential liberty to obtain a little temporary safety deserve neither liberty nor safety. -Benjamin Franklin': 1} 
dante alighieri {'The customs and fashions of men change like leaves on the bough, some of which go and others come. -Dante Alighieri': 1} 
cheer {'I always cheer up immensely if an attack is particularly wounding because I think, well, if they attack one personally, it means they have not a single political argument left. -Margaret Thatcher': 1} 
mistakes {'Success does not consist in never making mistakes but in never making the same one a second time. -George Bernard Shaw': 1} 
distant {'Rhis is to be asserted in general of men: that they are ungrateful, fickle, false, cowardly, covetous, and as long as you succeed, are yours entirely; they will offer you their blood, property, life, and children...when the need is far distant; but when it approaches, they will turn against you. -Nicolo Machiavelli': 1} 
benjamin disraeli {'The magic of first love is our ignorance that it can never end. -Benjamin Disraeli': 1, 'Where knowledge ends, religion begins. -Benjamin Disraeli': 1} 
paul {'A government which robs Peter to pay Paul can always depend on the support of Paul. -George Bernard Shaw': 2} 
keen {"It does not require a majority to prevail, but rather an irate, tireless minority keen to set brush fires in people's minds. -Samuel Adams": 1} 
happiness {'The greatest happiness of life is the conviction that we are loved, loved for ourselves, or rather, loved in spite of ourselves. -Victor Hugo': 1, 'The art of being happy lies in the power of extracting happiness from common things. -Henry Ward Beecher': 1, 'Always leave something to wish for; otherwise you will be miserable from your very happiness. -Baltasar Gracian': 1, 'Love is the master key which opens the gates of happiness. -Oliver Wendell Holmes': 1, 'What is happiness? The feeling that power is growing, that resistance is overcome. -Friedrich Nietzsche': 1, 'Indeed, man wishes to be happy even when he so lives as to make happiness impossible. -Saint Augustine': 1, 'Man was made for action, and to promote by the exertion of his faculties such changes in the external circumstances both of himself and others, as may seem most favourable to the happiness of all. -Adam Smith': 1, "Happiness is so hard to define and foolish to define. Am I acting? That's the worst thing you can ask yourself. You can be happy suddenly. It can spring on you, not when you reach a plateau. You can be happy going backward or going down. You can be happy at the loss of something. -Steve Martin": 1, 'Happiness is the full use of your powers along lines of excellence. -John F. Kennedy': 1, 'Three grand essentials to happiness in this life are something to do, something to love, and something to hope for. -Joseph Addison': 1, "Money never made a man happy yet, nor will it. There is nothing in its nature to produce happiness. The more a man has, the more he wants. Instead of its filling a vacuum, it makes one. If it satisfies one want, it doubles and trebles that want another way. That was a true proverb of the wise man, rely upon it; ''Better is little with the fear of the Lord, than great treasure, and trouble therewith. -Benjamin Franklin": 1, 'I never knew what real happiness was until I got married, and by then it was too late. -Max Kaufman': 1, 'Happiness makes up in height for what it lacks in length. -Robert Frost': 1, 'Remember that happiness is a way of travel, not a destination. -Roy Goodman': 1} 
web {'When I took office, only high energy physicists had ever heard of what is called the Worldwide Web....now even my cat has its own page. -Bill Clinton': 1} 
console {'Imagination is a quality given a man to compensate him for what he is not, and a sense of humor was provided to console him for what he is. -Oscar Wilde': 1} 
cage {'Everyone is in awe of the lion tamer in a cage with half a dozen lions -- everyone but a school bus driver. -Laurence Peter': 1} 
point {"Of all tyrannies, a tyranny exercised for the good of its victims may be the most oppressive. It may be better to live under robber barons than under omnipotent moral busybodies. The robber baron's cruelty may sometimes sleep, his cupidity may at some point be satiated; but those who torment us for our own good will torment us without end, for they do so with the approval of their own conscience. -C.S. Lewis": 1, "You cannot go on 'explaining away' for ever: you will find that you have explained explanation itself away. You cannot go on 'seeing through' things for ever. The whole point of seeing through something is to see something through it. -C.S. Lewis": 1} 
religiousness {'To know what is impenetrable to us really exists, manifesting itself as the highest wisdom and the most radiant beauty...this knowledge, this feeling is at the center of true religiousness. -Albert Einstein': 1} 
realize {"As a woman, I find it very embarrassing to be in a meeting and realize I'm the only one in the room with balls. -Rita Mae Brown": 1, 'True wisdom comes to each of us when we realize how little we understand about life, ourselves, and the world around us. -Socrates': 1, "Many of life's failures are people who did not realize how close they were to success when they gave up. -Thomas Edison": 1} 
simple {'Like many intellectuals, he was incapable of saying a simple thing in a simple way. -Marcel Proust': 2, 'We ascribe beauty to that which is simple; which has no superfluous parts; which exactly answers its end; which stands related to all things; which is the mean of many extremes. -Ralph Waldo Emerson': 1, 'I went out to the country so i could examine the simple things in life. -Henry Thoreau': 1} 
book {'The Bible is not my book, and Christianity is not my religion. I could never give assent to the long, complicated statements of Christian dogma. -Abraham Lincoln': 1, 'There are perhaps no days of our childhood we lived so fully as those we spent with a favorite book. -Marcel Proust': 1, 'A truly great book should be read in youth, again in maturity and once more in old age, as a fine building should be seen by morning light, at noon and by moonlight. -Robertson Davies': 1, "Don't join the book burners. Do not think you are going to conceal thoughts by concealing evidence that they ever existed. -Dwight Eisenhower": 1, 'The covers of this book are too far apart. -Ambrose Bierce': 1, 'There is a great deal of difference between an eager man who wants to read a book and the tired man who wants a book to read. -GK Chesterton': 2} 
halo {'Moral indignation is jealousy with a halo. -H.G. Wells': 1} 
crack {'When nothing seems to help, I go and look at a stonecutter hammering away at his rock perhaps a hundred times without as much as a crack showing in it. Yet at the hundred and first blow it will split in two, and I know it was not that blow that did it, but all that had gone before. -Jacob August Riis': 1} 
tax {'Egalitarians create the most dangerous inequality of all -- inequality of power. Allowing politicians to determine what all other human beings will be allowed to earn is one of the most reckless gambles imaginable. Like the income tax, it may start off being applied only to the rich but it will inevitably reach us all. -Thomas Sowell': 1, 'To you taxpayers out there, let me say this: Make sure you file your tax return on time! And remember that, even though income taxes can be a \x93pain in the neck,\x94 the folks at the IRS are regular people just like you, except that they can destroy your life. -Dave Barry': 1} 
warrant {'There are very few monsters who warrant the fear we have of them. -Andr\xe9 Gide': 1} 
indignation {'Moral indignation is jealousy with a halo. -H.G. Wells': 1} 
smart {"We must repsect the other fellow's religion, but only in the sense and to the extent that we respect his theory that his wife is beautiful and his children are smart. -Henry Mencken": 1} 
details {"Dying is the most embarrassing thing that can ever happen to you, because someone's got to take care of all your details. -Andy Warhol": 1} 
identical {'Being is desirable because it is identical with Beauty, and Beauty is loved because it is Being. We ourselves possess Beauty when we are true to our own being; ugliness is in going over to another order; knowing ourselves, we are beautiful; in self-ignorance, we are ugly. -Ambrose Bierce': 1} 
doug plank {"Most football teams are temperamental. That's 90% temper and 10% mental. -Doug Plank": 1} 
magnify {'It is very easy to tell the difference between man-made and God-made objects. The more you magnify man-made objects, the cruder they look, but the more you magnify God-made objects, the more precise and intricate they appear. -Luther Sutherland': 2} 
government {'Every decent man is ashamed of the government he lives under. -Henry Mencken': 1, 'I believe this government cannot endure permanently half slave and half free. -Abraham Lincoln': 1, 'It is error alone which needs the support of government. Truth can stand by itself. -Thomas Jefferson': 1, 'Government is not reason; it is not eloquent; it is force. Like fire, it is a dangerous servant and a fearful master. -George Washington': 1, 'As Mankind becomes more liberal, they will be more apt to allow that all those who conduct themselves as worthy members of the community are equally entitled to the protections of civil government. I hope ever to see America among the foremost nations of justice and liberality. -George Washington': 1, "I don't make jokes. I just watch the government and report the facts. -Will Rogers": 1, 'On account of being a democracy and run by the people, we are the only nation in the world that has to keep a government four years, no matter what it does. -Will Rogers': 1, "I'm a middle age white guy, which means I'm constantly reminded that my particular group is responsible for the oppression of every known minority PLUS most wars PLUS government corruption PLUS pollution of the environment, not to mention that it was middle-age white guys who killed Bambi's mom. -Dave Barry": 1, 'An oppressive government is more to be feared than a tiger. -Confucius': 1, 'A government which robs Peter to pay Paul can always depend on the support of Paul. -George Bernard Shaw': 1, "Without computers, the government would be unable to function at the level of effectiveness and efficiency that we have come to expect.  This is because the primary function of the government is -- and here I am quoting directly from the U.S. Constitution -- 'to spew out paper.' -Dave Barry": 2, 'In framing a government which is to be administered by men over men the great difficulty lies in this: You must first enable the government to control the governed, and in the next place, oblige it to control itself. -Alexander Hamilton': 2, 'Under the doctrine of the separation of powers, the manner in which the president personally exercises his assigned executive powers is not subject to questioning by another branch of government. -Richard Nixon': 1, 'In the councils of government, we must guard against the acquisition of unwarranted influence, whether sought or unsought, by the military-industrial complex. -Dwight Eisenhower': 1, 'Government is not a solution to our problem, government is the problem. -Ronald Reagan': 2, 'The best defense against usurpatory government is an assertive citizenry. -William F. Buckley': 1, "Be thankful we're not getting all the government we're paying for. -Will Rogers": 1, 'Trust the people. This is the one irrefutable lesson of the entire postwar period contradicting the notion that rigid government controls are essential to economic development. -Ronald Reagan': 1, 'Experts tell us that if the Millennium Bug is not fixed, when the year 2000 arrives, our financial records will be inaccurate, our telephone system will be unreliable, our government will be paralyzed and airline flights will be canceled without warning. In other words, things will be pretty much the same as they are now. -Dave Barry': 1, 'Are you entitled to the fruits of your labor or does government have some presumptive right to spend and spend and spend? -Ronald Reagan': 1, 'Government consists in nothing else but so controlling subjects that they shall neither be able to, nor have cause to do it harm. -Nicolo Machiavelli': 1} 
marlon brando {'Never confuse the size of your paycheck with the size of your talent. -Marlon Brando': 1, "To grasp the full significance of life is the actor's duty, to interpret it is his problem and to express it his dedication. -Marlon Brando": 1, 'An actor is at most a poet and at least an entertainer. -Marlon Brando': 1} 
manners {'Good manners will open doors that the best education cannot. -Clarence Thomas': 1} 
adolf hitler {'To be a leader means to be able to move masses. -Adolf Hitler': 1, 'The broad masses of a population are more amenable to the appeal of rhetoric than to any other force. -Adolf Hitler': 1, 'It is always more difficult to fight against faith than against knowledge. -Adolf Hitler': 1, 'Demoralize the enemy from within by surprise, terror, sabotage, assassination. This is the war of the future. -Adolf Hitler': 1, 'Obstacles do not exist to be surrendered to, but only to be broken. -Adolf Hitler': 1} 
know {"I've worked for four presidents and watched two others up close, and I know that there's no such thing as a routine day in the Oval Office. -Dick Cheney": 1, "I planted some bird seed. A bird came up. Now I don't know what to feed it. -Steven Wright": 1, "I have come to the conclusion that my subjective account of my motivation is largely mythical on almost all occasions. I don't know why I do things. -J.B.S. Haldane": 1, 'We know too much, and are convinced of too little. Our literature is a substitute for religion, and so is our religion. -T.S. Eliot': 1, "What is it that makes a complete stranger dive into an icy river to save a solid-gold baby? Maybe we'll never know. -Jack Handey": 1, "It ain't what you don't know that gets you into trouble. It's what you know for sure that just ain't so. -Mark Twain": 2, 'The greatest lesson in life is to know that even fools are right sometimes. -Winston Churchill': 1, "One thing they never tell you about child raising is that for the rest of your life, at the drop of a hat, you are expected to know your child's name and how old he or she is. -Erna Bombeck": 1, 'The mintage of wisdom is to know that rest is rust, and that real life is in love, laughter, and work. -Elbert Hubbard': 1, 'If I feel physically as if the top of my head were taken off, I know that is poetry. -Emily Dickinson': 1, 'Providence protects children and idiots. I know because I have tested it. -Mark Twain': 1, "Don't let people drive you crazy when you know it's in walking distance. -Author Unknown": 1, "When they call the roll in the Senate, the Senators do not know whether to answer 'Present' or 'Not guilty.' -Theodore Roosevelt": 1, 'Parting is all we know of heaven and all we need to know of hell. -Emily Dickinson': 2, 'Children today know more about sex than I or my father did. -Bill Cosby': 1, "I know God will not give me anything I can't handle. I just wish that He didn't trust me so much. -Mother Teresa": 1, "We all wish to be judged by our peers, by the men 'after our own heart.' Only they really know our mind and only they judge it by standards we fully acknowledge. Theirs is the praise we really covet and the blame we really dread. The little pockets of early Chrstians survived because they cared exclusively for the love of 'the bretheren' and stopped their ears to the opinion of the Pagan society around them. But a circle of criminals, cranks, or perverts survives in just the same way; by becoming deaf to the opinion of the outer world, by discounting it as the chatter of outsiders who 'don't understand,' of the 'conventional,' the 'bourgeois,' the 'Establishment,' of prigs, prudes, and humbugs. -C.S. Lewis": 1, "Don't ever take a fence down until you know why it was put up. -Robert Frost": 1, "You know you're getting old when the candles cost more than the cake. -Bob Hope": 1, 'When nothing seems to help, I go and look at a stonecutter hammering away at his rock perhaps a hundred times without as much as a crack showing in it. Yet at the hundred and first blow it will split in two, and I know it was not that blow that did it, but all that had gone before. -Jacob August Riis': 1, 'Your faith is what you believe, not what you know. -Mark Twain': 1, "A grandmother pretends she doesn't know who you are on Halloween. -Erna Bombeck": 1, "You got to be very careful if you don't know where you're going, because you might not get there. -Yogi Berra": 1, "I don't always know what I'm talking about but I know I'm right. -Muhammad Ali": 2, 'Some succeed by what they know; some by what they do; and a few by what they are. -Elbert Hubbard': 1, "You know, there's a million fine looking women in the world, dude. But they don't all bring you lasagna at work. Most of 'em just cheat on you. -Kevin Smith": 1, 'To know what is impenetrable to us really exists, manifesting itself as the highest wisdom and the most radiant beauty...this knowledge, this feeling is at the center of true religiousness. -Albert Einstein': 1, 'You know what the fellow said: In Italy for thirty years under the Borgias they had warfare, terror, murder, and bloodshed, but they produced Michaelangelo, Leonardo Da Vinci, and the Renaissance. In Switzerland, they had brotherly love--they had five hundred years of democracy and peace, and what did they produce? The cuckoo clock. -Orson Welles': 1, 'It is hard to believe that a man is telling the truth when you know that you would lie if you were in his place. -Henry Mencken': 1, "Many a man's reputation would not know his character if they met on the street. -Elbert Hubbard": 1, "When I see a play and understand it the first time, then I know it can't be much good. -T.S. Eliot": 1, 'Those who forget good and evil and seek only to know the facts are more likely to achieve good than those who view the world through the distorting medium of their own desires. -Bertrand Russell': 1, 'We know life is futile. A man who considers that his life is of very wonderful importance is awfully close to a padded cell. -Clarence Darrow': 1, "If you're afraid to ask the question, it's probably because you already know the answer. -Miriam M. Wynn": 1, 'All men desire to know. -Aristotle': 1, 'A man who desires to get married should know either everything or nothing. -Oscar Wilde': 1, "If you're in a boxing match, try not to let the other guy's glove touch your lips, because you don't know where that glove has been. -Jack Handey": 1, 'From kindergarten to graduation, I went to public schools, and I know that they are a key to being sure that every child has a chance to succeed and to rise in the world. -Dick Cheney': 1} 
burden {'He who is of calm and happy nature will hardly feel the pressure of age, but to him who is of an opposite disposition youth and age are equally a burden. -Plato': 1} 
immediately {'The illegal we do immediately. The unconstitutional takes a little longer. -Henry Kissinger': 1} 
who'd {"I'm the type who'd be happy not going anywhere as long as I was sure I knew exactly what was happening at the places I wasn't going to. I'm the type who'd like to sit home and watch every party that I'm invited to on a monitor in my bedroom. -Andy Warhol": 2} 
you {'Inspiration exists, but it has to find you working. -Pablo Picasso': 1, "Dying is the most embarrassing thing that can ever happen to you, because someone's got to take care of all your details. -Andy Warhol": 1, "Happiness is so hard to define and foolish to define. Am I acting? That's the worst thing you can ask yourself. You can be happy suddenly. It can spring on you, not when you reach a plateau. You can be happy going backward or going down. You can be happy at the loss of something. -Steve Martin": 6, "When you stop giving and offering something to the rest of the world, it's time to turn out the lights. -George Burns": 1, 'Once you have flown, you will walk the earth with your eyes turned skywards, for there you have been, and there you long to return. -Leonardo da Vinci': 4, "You don't take a photograph, you make it. -Ansel Adams": 2, "Accept good advice gracefully--as long as it doesn't interfere with what you intended to do in the first place. -Gene Brown": 1, "You should do your own car repairs. It's an easy way to save money and possibly maim yourself for life. -Dave Barry": 1, "You can't depend on your eyes when your imagination is out of focus. -Mark Twain": 1, "Being a leader is like being a lady, if you have to go around telling people you are one, you aren't. -Margaret Thatcher": 3, 'If society fits you comfortably enough, you call it freedom. -Robert Frost': 2, 'Avoid the base hypocrisy of condemning in one man what you pass over in silence when committed by another. -Theodore Roosevelt': 1, 'Some of your countrymen were unable to distinguish between their native dislike for war and the stainless patriotism of those who suffered its scars. But there has been a rethinking and now we can say to you, and say as a nation, thank you for your courage. -Ronald Reagan': 2, 'People have a way of becoming what you encourage them to be, not what you nag them to be. -Author Unknown': 2, 'Whatever affects one directly, affects all indirectly. I can never be what I ought to be until you are what you ought to be. This is the interrelated structure of reality. -Martin Luther King Jr.': 2, 'You find out more about God from the Moral Law than from the univerise in general just as you find out more about a man by listening to his conversation than by looking at a house he has built. -C.S. Lewis': 2, "If your kid makes one of those little homemade guitars out of a cigar box and rubber bands, don't let him just play it once or twice and then throw it away. Make him practice on it, every day, for about three hours a day. Later, he'll thank you. -Jack Handey": 1, 'Dogs look up to you. Cats look down on you. Pigs treat you like equals. -Winston Churchill': 3, 'Live as if you were to die tomorrow. Learn as if you were to live forever. -Mahatma Gandhi': 2, 'The hour of departure has arrived, and we go our ways - I to die, and you to live. Which is better God only knows. -Plato': 1, "You can't teach an old dogma new tricks. -Dorothy Parker": 1, 'Take everything you like seriously, except yourselves. -Rudyard Kipling': 1, "Don't ever take a fence down until you know why it was put up. -Robert Frost": 1, "Having someone wonder where you are when you don't come home at night is a very old human need. -Margaret Mead": 2, "You know you're getting old when the candles cost more than the cake. -Bob Hope": 1, 'Your faith is what you believe, not what you know. -Mark Twain': 2, "The only way to keep your health is to eat what you don't want, drink what you don't like, and do what you'd rather not. -Mark Twain": 2, "A grandmother pretends she doesn't know who you are on Halloween. -Erna Bombeck": 1, 'Always leave something to wish for; otherwise you will be miserable from your very happiness. -Baltasar Gracian': 1, 'The first principle is that you must not fool yourself - and you are the easiest person to fool. -Richard P. Feynman': 2, "The movie's director is the pilot. It's his vision. For an actor, the time to worry about flying is when you're on the ground. If you don't want to fly with the director, don't get on the plane. -Denzel Washington": 1, 'It is better to keep your mouth closed and let people think you are a fool than to open it and remove all doubt. -Mark Twain': 1, 'Rhis is to be asserted in general of men: that they are ungrateful, fickle, false, cowardly, covetous, and as long as you succeed, are yours entirely; they will offer you their blood, property, life, and children...when the need is far distant; but when it approaches, they will turn against you. -Nicolo Machiavelli': 3, "Remember, if you smoke after sex you're doing it too fast. -Woody Allen": 1, "You can't build a reputation on what you are going to do. -Henry Ford": 2, 'If you judge people, you have no time to love them. -Mother Teresa': 2, 'It is one of the blessings of old friends that you can afford to be stupid with them. -Ralph Waldo Emerson': 1, 'In politics, if you want anything said, ask a man; if you want anything done, ask a woman. -Margaret Thatcher': 2, "It is a scientific fact that your body will not absorb cholesterol if you take it from another person's plate. -Dave Barry": 1, 'To you taxpayers out there, let me say this: Make sure you file your tax return on time! And remember that, even though income taxes can be a \x93pain in the neck,\x94 the folks at the IRS are regular people just like you, except that they can destroy your life. -Dave Barry': 3, 'Show me a thoroughly satisfied man and I will show you a failure. -Thomas Edison': 1, 'You are young, my son, and, as the years go by, time will change and even reverse many of your present opinions. Refrain therefore awhile from setting yourself up as a judge of the highest matters. -Plato': 1, 'Originality is the fine art of remembering what you hear but forgetting where you heard it. -Laurence Peter': 2, "It is a good idea to ''shop around'' before you settle on a doctor. Ask about the condition of his Mercedes. Ask about the competence of his mechanic. Don't be shy! After all, you're paying for it. -Dave Barry": 1, 'I hope that when you are my age, you will be able to say as I have been able to say: We lived in freedom. We lived lives that were a statement, not an apology. -Ronald Reagan': 2, 'The eyes of the world are upon you. The hopes and prayers of liberty-loving people everywhere march with you. -Dwight Eisenhower': 2, "One thing they never tell you about child raising is that for the rest of your life, at the drop of a hat, you are expected to know your child's name and how old he or she is. -Erna Bombeck": 2, 'It is very easy to tell the difference between man-made and God-made objects. The more you magnify man-made objects, the cruder they look, but the more you magnify God-made objects, the more precise and intricate they appear. -Luther Sutherland': 2, 'Deliberation and debate is the way you stir the soul of our democracy. -Jesse Jackson': 1, "You don't have to stay up nights to succeed; you have to stay awake days. -Author Unknown": 2, 'Fatherhood is pretending the present you love most is soap on-a-rope. -Bill Cosby': 1, "It's not how old you are, it's how hard you work at it. -Jonah Barrington": 2, "If you could kick the person in the pants responsible for most of your trouble, you wouldn't sit for a month. -Theodore Roosevelt": 2, 'If people don\x92t come to the games, you can\x92t stop them. -Yogi Berra': 1, 'Of course the people dont want war...that is understood. But voice or no voice, the people can always be brought to the bidding of the leaders. That is easy. All you have to do is tell them they are being attacked, and denounce the pacifists for lack of patriotism and exposing the country to danger. It works the same in any country. -Hermann Goering': 1, "I love Thanksgiving. It's the only time in Los Angeles that you see natural breasts. -Arnold Schwarzenegger": 1, "You give me a credit to which I have no claim in calling me 'the writer of the Constitution of the United States.' This was not, like the fabled Goddess of Wisdom, the offspring of a single brain. It ought to be regarded as the work of many heads and many hands. -James Madison": 1, "You cannot go on 'explaining away' for ever: you will find that you have explained explanation itself away. You cannot go on 'seeing through' things for ever. The whole point of seeing through something is to see something through it. -C.S. Lewis": 4, "The function of RAM is to give us guys a way of deciding whose computer has the biggest, studliest, most tumescent MEMORY. This is important, because with today's complex software, the more memory a computer has, the faster it can produce error messages. So the bottom line is, if you're a guy, you cannot have enough RAM. -Dave Barry": 1, 'Character is what you are in the dark. -John Whorfin': 1, 'You may delay, but time will not. -Benjamin Franklin': 1, "Don't let people drive you crazy when you know it's in walking distance. -Author Unknown": 2, 'If you see ten troubles coming down the road, you can be sure that nine will run into the ditch before they reach you. -Calvin Coolidge': 3, 'You know what the fellow said: In Italy for thirty years under the Borgias they had warfare, terror, murder, and bloodshed, but they produced Michaelangelo, Leonardo Da Vinci, and the Renaissance. In Switzerland, they had brotherly love--they had five hundred years of democracy and peace, and what did they produce? The cuckoo clock. -Orson Welles': 1, 'Life is anything that dies when you stomp on it. -Dave Barry': 1, 'I honestly think it is better to be a failure at something you love than to be a success at something you hate. -George Burns': 2, "If you wanna be free, you've gotta accept everything. -Jason Mechalek": 1, "The nice thing about being a celebrity is that, if you bore people, they think it's their fault. -Henry Kissinger": 1, 'She is not perfect. You are not perfect. The question is whether or not you are perfect for each other. -Robin Williams': 2, "Of course I don't believe in it. But I understand that it brings you luck whether you believe in it or not. -Niels Bohr": 2, 'In any moment of decision, the best thing you can do is the right thing. The worst thing you can do is nothing. -Theodore Roosevelt': 2, 'What you do speaks so loudly that I cannot hear what you say. -Ralph Waldo Emerson': 2, 'If you start to think about your physical or moral condition, you usually find that you are sick. -Johann Wolfgang von Goethe': 3, 'No one can make you feel inferior without your consent. -Eleanor Roosevelt': 1, 'Everything is simpler than you think and at the same time more complex than you imagine. -Johann Wolfgang von Goethe': 2, "Never continue in a job you don't enjoy. If you're happy in what you're doing, you'll like yourself, you'll have inner peace. And if you have that, along with physical health, you will have had more success than you could possibly have imagined. -Johnny Carson": 4, "Talent alone won't make you a success. Neither will being in the right place at the right time, unless you are ready. The most important question is: 'Are you ready?' -Johnny Carson": 3, 'When you have the facts on your side, argue the facts. When you have the law on your side, argue the law. When you have neither, holler. -Al Gore': 3, 'Without question, the greatest invention in the history of mankind is beer. Oh, I grant you that the wheel was also a fine invention, but the wheel does not go nearly as well with pizza. -Dave Barry': 1, 'You can discover more about a person in an hour of play than in a year of conversation. -Plato': 1, "Life is what happens to you while you're busy making other plans. -John Lennon": 1, 'Since love grows within you, so beauty grows. For love is the beauty of the soul. -Saint Augustine': 1, "Life's most persistent and urgent question is, 'What are you doing for others?' -Martin Luther King Jr.": 1, 'Would you live with ease? Do what you ought, not what you please. -Benjamin Franklin': 3, 'Ask not what your country can do for you - ask what you can do for your country. -John F. Kennedy': 2, "Don't join the book burners. Do not think you are going to conceal thoughts by concealing evidence that they ever existed. -Dwight Eisenhower": 1, "The statistics on sanity are that one out of every four Americans are suffering from some form of mental illness. Think of your three best friends. If they're okay, then it's you. -Rita Mae Brown": 1, 'I arrive at the end of this review having done my duty as a critic. I have described the movie accurately and you have a good idea what you are in for if you go to see it. Most of you will not. I cannot argue with you. Some of you will--the brave and the curious. You embody the spirit of the man who first wondered what it would taste like to eat an oyster. -Roger Ebert': 7, 'When angry, count ten before you speak; if very angry, a hundred. -Thomas Jefferson': 1, "Immature love says: 'I love you because I need you.' Mature love says: 'I need you because I love you.' -Erich Fromm": 4, 'Nothing that you have not given away will ever be really yours. -C.S. Lewis': 1, 'It is hard to believe that a man is telling the truth when you know that you would lie if you were in his place. -Henry Mencken': 3, 'When you work seven days a week, fourteen hours a day, you get lucky. -Armand Hammer': 2, "If you're afraid to ask the question, it's probably because you already know the answer. -Miriam M. Wynn": 1, "Don't ask God to change the laws of nature for you. -Nachman of Bratslav": 1, "If you can't convince them, confuse them. -Harry Truman": 1, 'Grief can take care of itself, but to get the full value of joy you must have somebody to divide it with. -Mark Twain': 1, 'If you will not fight for the right when you can easily win without bloodshed; if you will not fight when your victory will be sure and not too costly; you may come to the moment when you will have to fight with all the odds against you and only a small chance of survival. There may even be a worse case: you may have to fight when there is no hope of victory, because it is better to perish than to live as slaves. -Winston Churchill': 7, "You do not lead by hitting people over the head \x97 that's assault, not leadership. -Dwight Eisenhower": 1, "To me, it's always a good idea to always carry two sacks of something when you walk around. That way, if anybody says, 'Hey, can you give me a hand?,' you can say, 'Sorry, got these sacks.' -Jack Handey": 3, 'I may be drunk, Miss, but in the morning I will be sober and you will still be ugly. -Winston Churchill': 1, 'Success, the real success, does not depend upon the position you hold but upon how you carry yourself in that position. -Theodore Roosevelt': 2, "Associate yourself with men of good quality if you esteem your own reputation; for 'tis better to be alone than in bad company. -George Washington": 1, 'To write a good love letter, you ought to begin without knowing what you mean to say and to finish without knowing what you have written. -Jean-Jacques Rousseau': 3, 'Show me your hands. Do they have scars from giving? Show me your feet. Are they wounded in service? Show me your heart. Have you left a place for divine love? -Fulton J. Sheen': 1, 'Money can help you to get medicines but not health. Money can help you to get soft pillows, but not sound sleep. Money can help you to get material comforts, but not eternal bliss. Money can help you to get ornaments, but not beauty. Money will help you to get an electric earphone, but not natural hearing. Attain the supreme wealth, wisdom, and you will have everything. -Benjamin Franklin': 6, 'In framing a government which is to be administered by men over men the great difficulty lies in this: You must first enable the government to control the governed, and in the next place, oblige it to control itself. -Alexander Hamilton': 1, "It ain't what you don't know that gets you into trouble. It's what you know for sure that just ain't so. -Mark Twain": 3, "Middle age is when you've met so many people that every new person you meet reminds you of someone else. -Ogden Nash": 2, 'Thus the metric system did not really catch on in the States, unless you count the increasing popularity of the nine-millimeter bullet. -Dave Barry': 1, 'Why, you can take the most gallant sailor, the most intrepid airman or the most audacious soldier, put them at a table together - what do you get? The sum of their fears. -Winston Churchill': 2, 'You are never too old to set another goal or to dream a new dream. -C.S. Lewis': 1, "Reality is that which, when you stop believing in it, doesn't go away. -Phillip K. Dick": 1, 'Love yourself first and everything else falls into line. You really have to love yourself to get anything done in this world. -Lucille Ball': 1, "I cried because I had no shoes, 'till I met a man who had no feet. So I said, 'You got any shoes you're not using'? -Steven Wright": 1, "Don't go around saying the world owes you a living. The world owes you nothing. It was here first. -Mark Twain": 2, 'And what\x92s romance? Usually, a nice little tale where you have everything As You Like It, where rain never wets your jacket and gnats never bite your nose and it\x92s always daisy-time. -D.H. Lawrence': 2, "Playwriting gets into your blood and you can't stop it. At least, not until the producers or the public tell you to. -T.S. Eliot": 2, "We seem to be going through a period of nostalgia, and everyone seems to think yesterday was better than today. I don't think it was, and I would advise you not to wait ten years before admitting today was great. If you're hung up on nostalgia, pretend today is yesterday and just go out and have one hell of a time. -Art Buchwald": 1, 'The difference between sex and death is that with death you can do it alone and no one is going to make fun of you. -Woody Allen': 2, "Everybody can be great... because anybody can serve. You don't have to have a college degree to serve. You don't have to make your subject and verb agree to serve. You only need a heart full of grace. A soul generated by love. -Martin Luther King Jr.": 3, 'If you are resolutely determined to make a lawyer of yourself, the thing is more than half done already. -Abraham Lincoln': 1, 'This does not mean that the enemy is to be allowed to escape. The object is to make him believe that there is a road to safety, and thus prevent his fighting with the courage of despair. After that, you may crush him. -Sun Tzu': 1, "You got to be very careful if you don't know where you're going, because you might not get there. -Yogi Berra": 3, 'Are you entitled to the fruits of your labor or does government have some presumptive right to spend and spend and spend? -Ronald Reagan': 1, 'Accept the challenges so that you can feel the exhilaration of victory. -George Patton': 1, 'If you have an apple and I have an apple and we exchange these apples then you and I will still each have one apple. But if you have an idea and I have an idea and we exchange these ideas, then each of us will have two ideas. -George Bernard Shaw': 3, "Christmas is a time when you get homesick, even when you're home. -Carol Nelson": 1, "You know, there's a million fine looking women in the world, dude. But they don't all bring you lasagna at work. Most of 'em just cheat on you. -Kevin Smith": 3, 'The aging process has you firmly in its grasp if you never get the urge to throw a snowball. -Doug Larson': 2, 'Experience is that marvelous thing that enables you to recognize a mistake when you make it again. -Franklin Jones': 2, 'Love anything and your heart will be wrung and possibly broken. If you want to make sure of keeping it intact you must give it to no one, not even an animal. Wrap it carefully round with hobbies and little luxuries; avoid all entanglements. Lock it up safe in the casket or coffin of your selfishness. But in that casket, safe, dark, motionless, airless, it will change. It will not be broken; it will become unbreakable, impenetrable, irredeemable. To love is to be vulnerable. -C.S. Lewis': 2, 'Fanaticism consists of redoubling your efforts when you have forgotten your aim. -George Santayana': 1, 'To have the reputation of possessing the most perfect social tact, talk to every woman as if you loved her, and to every man as if he bored you. -Oscar Wilde': 2, 'You must be the change you wish to see in the world. -Mahatma Gandhi': 2, "If you're in a boxing match, try not to let the other guy's glove touch your lips, because you don't know where that glove has been. -Jack Handey": 1} 
loss {"Happiness is so hard to define and foolish to define. Am I acting? That's the worst thing you can ask yourself. You can be happy suddenly. It can spring on you, not when you reach a plateau. You can be happy going backward or going down. You can be happy at the loss of something. -Steve Martin": 1} 
flamingo {"Is there anything more beautiful than a beautiful, beautiful flamingo, flying across in front of a beautiful sunset? And he's carrying a beautiful rose in his beak, and also he's carrying a very beautiful painting with his feet. And also, you're drunk. -Jack Handey": 1} 
necessary {"It is necessary for the welfare of society that genius should be privileged to utter sedition, to blaspheme, to outrage good taste, to corrupt the youthful mind, and generally to scandalize one's uncles. -George Bernard Shaw": 1, 'Collecting more taxes than is absolutely necessary is legalized robbery. -Calvin Coolidge': 1, 'To one who has faith, no explanation is necessary. To one without faith, no explanation is possible. -Thomas Aquinas': 1, 'Politics is perhaps the only profession for which no preparation is thought necessary. -Robert Louis Stevenson': 1} 
like {'I love deadlines. I especially like the whooshing sound they make as they go flying by. -Douglas Adams': 1, 'The mind of the thoroughly well-informed man is a dreadful thing. It is like a bric-\xe0-brac shop, all monsters and dust, with everything priced above its proper value. -Oscar Wilde': 1, "Being president is like being a jackass in a hailstorm. There's nothing to do but stand there and take it. -Lyndon B. Johnson": 1, 'Sex at age ninety is like trying to shoot pool with a rope. -George Burns': 1, "Instead of a trap door, what about a trap window? The guy looks out it, and if he leans too far, he falls out. Wait. I guess that's like a regular window. -Jack Handey": 1, "I like to say that I'm bisexual...when I want sex, I buy it. -Boy George": 1, 'I get to go to lots of overseas places, like Canada. -Britney Spears': 1, "Never continue in a job you don't enjoy. If you're happy in what you're doing, you'll like yourself, you'll have inner peace. And if you have that, along with physical health, you will have had more success than you could possibly have imagined. -Johnny Carson": 1, 'Being born is like being kidnapped. And then sold into slavery. -Andy Warhol': 1, 'Analyzing humor is like dissecting a frog. Few people are interested and the frog dies of it. -E.B. White': 1, "I'm the type who'd be happy not going anywhere as long as I was sure I knew exactly what was happening at the places I wasn't going to. I'm the type who'd like to sit home and watch every party that I'm invited to on a monitor in my bedroom. -Andy Warhol": 1, "Being a leader is like being a lady, if you have to go around telling people you are one, you aren't. -Margaret Thatcher": 1, 'Regarding the debate about faith and works: It\x92s like asking which blade in a pair of scissors is most important. -C.S. Lewis': 1, 'Dogs look up to you. Cats look down on you. Pigs treat you like equals. -Winston Churchill': 1, 'The great nations have always acted like gangsters, and the small nations like prostitutes. -Stanley Kubrick': 2, 'Like many intellectuals, he was incapable of saying a simple thing in a simple way. -Marcel Proust': 1, 'Art, like morality, consists in drawing the line somewhere. -GK Chesterton': 1, 'Egalitarians create the most dangerous inequality of all -- inequality of power. Allowing politicians to determine what all other human beings will be allowed to earn is one of the most reckless gambles imaginable. Like the income tax, it may start off being applied only to the rich but it will inevitably reach us all. -Thomas Sowell': 1, "What I don't like about office Christmas parties is looking for a job the next day. -Phyllis Diller": 1, 'And what\x92s romance? Usually, a nice little tale where you have everything As You Like It, where rain never wets your jacket and gnats never bite your nose and it\x92s always daisy-time. -D.H. Lawrence': 1, 'The customs and fashions of men change like leaves on the bough, some of which go and others come. -Dante Alighieri': 1, "You give me a credit to which I have no claim in calling me 'the writer of the Constitution of the United States.' This was not, like the fabled Goddess of Wisdom, the offspring of a single brain. It ought to be regarded as the work of many heads and many hands. -James Madison": 1, 'Take everything you like seriously, except yourselves. -Rudyard Kipling': 1, "When this girl at the museum asked me who I liked better, Monet or Manet, I said, 'I like mayonnaise.' She just stared at me, so I said it again, louder. Then she left. I guess she went to try to find some mayonnaise for me. -Jack Handey": 1, 'I would not join any club that would have someone like me for a member. -Groucho Marx': 1, "The only way to keep your health is to eat what you don't want, drink what you don't like, and do what you'd rather not. -Mark Twain": 1, 'I like television. I still believe that television is the most powerful form of communication on Earth -- I just hate what is being done with it. -Alton Brown': 1, 'America is not like a blanket: one piece of unbroken cloth, the same color, the same texture, the same size. America is more like a quilt: many patches, many pieces, many colors, many sizes, all woven and held together by a common thread. -Jesse Jackson': 2, 'Those who expect to reap the blessings of freedom must, like men, undergo the fatigue of supporting it. -Thomas Paine': 1, 'A star on a movie set is like a time bomb. That bomb has got to be defused so people can approach it without fear. -Jack Nicholson': 1, 'I arrive at the end of this review having done my duty as a critic. I have described the movie accurately and you have a good idea what you are in for if you go to see it. Most of you will not. I cannot argue with you. Some of you will--the brave and the curious. You embody the spirit of the man who first wondered what it would taste like to eat an oyster. -Roger Ebert': 1, "Having a male gynecologist is like going to an auto mechanic who doesn't own a car. -Carrie Snow": 1, 'Love is the delightful interval between meeting a beautiful girl and discovering that she looks like a haddock. -John Barrymore': 1, 'The whole life of an American is passed like a game of chance, a revolutionary crisis, or a battle. -Alexis de Tocqueville': 1, 'Any reviewer who expresses rage and loathing for a novel is preposterous. He or she is like a person who has put on full armor and attacked a hot fudge sundae. -Kurt Vonnegut': 1, 'The thing we all have to understand to put these last two years in focus, is that liberals in this country care more about whether European leaders like us than they do about whether terrorists are killing us. -Rush Limbaugh': 1, 'Government is not reason; it is not eloquent; it is force. Like fire, it is a dangerous servant and a fearful master. -George Washington': 1, 'I like your Christ, I do not like your Christians. Your Christians are so unlike your Christ. -Mahatma Gandhi': 2, 'To you taxpayers out there, let me say this: Make sure you file your tax return on time! And remember that, even though income taxes can be a \x93pain in the neck,\x94 the folks at the IRS are regular people just like you, except that they can destroy your life. -Dave Barry': 1, 'There is no joy in life like the joy of sharing. -Billy Graham': 1} 
lost {'The only paradise is paradise lost. -Marcel Proust': 1, 'Rome remained free for four hundred years and Sparta eight hundred, although their citizens were armed all that time; but many other states that have been disarmed have lost their liberties in less than forty years. -Nicolo Machiavelli': 1, 'He who learns but does not think, is lost! He who thinks but does not learn is in great danger. -Confucius': 1} 
sizes {'America is not like a blanket: one piece of unbroken cloth, the same color, the same texture, the same size. America is more like a quilt: many patches, many pieces, many colors, many sizes, all woven and held together by a common thread. -Jesse Jackson': 1} 
controlling {'Government consists in nothing else but so controlling subjects that they shall neither be able to, nor have cause to do it harm. -Nicolo Machiavelli': 1} 
crawled {"A University of Chicago professor said the greatest day in the world was when a water puppy crawled out on land and decided to stay. The water puppy, he said, went on to become a man. If he proves that, I am willing to give up Christmas, Thanksgiving, and New Year's Day, and to celebrate Water Puppy Day. -William Jennings Bryan": 1} 
perpetual {'The recipe for perpetual ignorance is: be satisfied with your opinions and content with your knowledge. -Elbert Hubbard': 1} 
journalism {'Journalism is literature in a hurry. -Matthew Arnold': 1} 
candy {'If my children wake up on Christmas morning and have someone to thank for putting candy in their stocking, have I no one to thank for putting two feet in mine? -GK Chesterton': 1} 
loses {'A people that values its privileges above its principles soon loses both. -Dwight Eisenhower': 1} 
taxpayers {'To you taxpayers out there, let me say this: Make sure you file your tax return on time! And remember that, even though income taxes can be a \x93pain in the neck,\x94 the folks at the IRS are regular people just like you, except that they can destroy your life. -Dave Barry': 1} 
gangsters {'The great nations have always acted like gangsters, and the small nations like prostitutes. -Stanley Kubrick': 1} 
heed {'God does not give heed to the ambitiousness of our prayers, because he is always ready to give to us his light, not a visible light but an intellectual and spiritual one; but we are not always ready to receive it when we turn aside and down to other things out of a desire for temporal things. -Saint Augustine': 1} 
lose {'I believe one of the reasons so many do not get a higher education is the fear of their parents that they will lose more morally than they will receive mentally. -William Jennings Bryan': 1} 
become {'It is the dissimilarities and inequalities among men which give rise to the notion of honor; as such differences become less, it grows feeble; and when they disappear, it will vanish too. -Alexis de Tocqueville': 1, 'To be what we are, and to become what we are capable of becoming, is the only end of life. -Robert Louis Stevenson': 1, "A University of Chicago professor said the greatest day in the world was when a water puppy crawled out on land and decided to stay. The water puppy, he said, went on to become a man. If he proves that, I am willing to give up Christmas, Thanksgiving, and New Year's Day, and to celebrate Water Puppy Day. -William Jennings Bryan": 1, 'Love anything and your heart will be wrung and possibly broken. If you want to make sure of keeping it intact you must give it to no one, not even an animal. Wrap it carefully round with hobbies and little luxuries; avoid all entanglements. Lock it up safe in the casket or coffin of your selfishness. But in that casket, safe, dark, motionless, airless, it will change. It will not be broken; it will become unbreakable, impenetrable, irredeemable. To love is to be vulnerable. -C.S. Lewis': 1, 'Intoxicated with unbroken success, we have become too self-sufficient to feel the necessity of redeeming and preserving grace, too proud to pray to the God that made us. -Abraham Lincoln': 1, "Anybody can become angry - that is easy, but to be angry with the right person and to the right degree and at the right time and for the right purpose, and in the right way - that is not within everybody's power and is not easy. -Aristotle": 1, "Mothers all want their sons to grow up to be president, but they don't want them to become politicians in the process. -John F. Kennedy": 1, 'The means of defense against foreign danger historically have become the instruments of tyranny at home. -James Madison': 1, "Thus far, the reputed idiot Bush has graduated from Yale and Harvard, made a stack of cash in the oil industry, become the first consecutive-term governor of Texas, defeated a dual-term VP for the presidency, and led his party to [November 5th's] extraordinary triumphs. Let his opponents keep calling him stupid; if they do, within five years Bush will be King of England, the Pope, and world Formula One motor racing champion. -Tim Blair": 1, 'Wedding: a ceremony at which two persons undertake to become one, one undertakes to become nothing, and nothing undertakes to become supportable. -Ambrose Bierce': 3, 'Idealism is fine, but as it approaches reality, the costs become prohibitive. -William F. Buckley': 1, 'New knowledge is the most valuable commodity on earth. The more truth we have to work with, the richer we become. -Kurt Vonnegut': 1} 
works {'Regarding the debate about faith and works: It\x92s like asking which blade in a pair of scissors is most important. -C.S. Lewis': 1, 'Of course the people dont want war...that is understood. But voice or no voice, the people can always be brought to the bidding of the leaders. That is easy. All you have to do is tell them they are being attacked, and denounce the pacifists for lack of patriotism and exposing the country to danger. It works the same in any country. -Hermann Goering': 1} 
soft {'The things that will destroy America are prosperity at any price, peace at any price, safety first instead of duty first, the love of soft living and the get rich quick theory of life. -Theodore Roosevelt': 1, 'Money can help you to get medicines but not health. Money can help you to get soft pillows, but not sound sleep. Money can help you to get material comforts, but not eternal bliss. Money can help you to get ornaments, but not beauty. Money will help you to get an electric earphone, but not natural hearing. Attain the supreme wealth, wisdom, and you will have everything. -Benjamin Franklin': 1} 
page {'When I took office, only high energy physicists had ever heard of what is called the Worldwide Web....now even my cat has its own page. -Bill Clinton': 1} 
adversity {'Many who seem to be struggling with adversity are happy; many, amid great affluence, are utterly miserable. -Tacitus': 1} 
wonders {'Christmas can be celebrated in the school room with pine trees, tinsel and reindeers, but there must be no mention of the man whose birthday is being celebrated. One wonders how a teacher would answer if a student asked why it was called Christmas. -Ronald Reagan': 1, 'One definition of an economist is somebody who sees something happen in practice and wonders if it will work in theory. -Ronald Reagan': 1} 
surest {'There are several good protections against temptation, but the surest is cowardice. -Mark Twain': 1, 'The surest way of spoiling a pleasure is to start examining your satisfaction. -C.S. Lewis': 1} 
because {"May God have mercy upon my enemies, because I won't. -George Patton": 1, 'Facts do not cease to exist because they are ignored. -Aldous Huxley': 1, 'Man [has] always assumed that he was more intelligent than dolphins because he had achieved so much-the wheel, New York, wars and so on-while all the dolphins had ever done was muck about in the water having a good time. But conversely, the dolphins had always believed that they were far more intelligent than man-for precisely the same reason. -Douglas Adams': 1, "Dying is the most embarrassing thing that can ever happen to you, because someone's got to take care of all your details. -Andy Warhol": 1, "Everybody can be great... because anybody can serve. You don't have to have a college degree to serve. You don't have to make your subject and verb agree to serve. You only need a heart full of grace. A soul generated by love. -Martin Luther King Jr.": 1, 'God does not give heed to the ambitiousness of our prayers, because he is always ready to give to us his light, not a visible light but an intellectual and spiritual one; but we are not always ready to receive it when we turn aside and down to other things out of a desire for temporal things. -Saint Augustine': 1, "Duties are not performed for duty's sake, but because their neglect would make the man uncomfortable. A man performs but one duty - the duty of contenting his spirit, the duty of making himself agreeable to himself. -Mark Twain": 1, 'It is better to be bold than too circumspect, because fortune is of a sex which likes not a tardy wooer and repulses all who are not ardent. -Nicolo Machiavelli': 1, 'Providence protects children and idiots. I know because I have tested it. -Mark Twain': 1, "Without computers, the government would be unable to function at the level of effectiveness and efficiency that we have come to expect.  This is because the primary function of the government is -- and here I am quoting directly from the U.S. Constitution -- 'to spew out paper.' -Dave Barry": 1, 'I made this letter longer than usual because I lack the time to make it short. -Blaise Pascal': 1, "I cried because I had no shoes, 'till I met a man who had no feet. So I said, 'You got any shoes you're not using'? -Steven Wright": 1, 'If we have no peace, it is because we have forgotten that we belong to each other. -Mother Teresa': 1, 'Being is desirable because it is identical with Beauty, and Beauty is loved because it is Being. We ourselves possess Beauty when we are true to our own being; ugliness is in going over to another order; knowing ourselves, we are beautiful; in self-ignorance, we are ugly. -Ambrose Bierce': 2, 'The reason we hold truth in such respect is because we have so little opportunity to get familiar with it. -Mark Twain': 1, "Just because I look sexy on the cover of Rolling Stone doesn't mean I'm naughty. -Britney Spears": 1, "We all wish to be judged by our peers, by the men 'after our own heart.' Only they really know our mind and only they judge it by standards we fully acknowledge. Theirs is the praise we really covet and the blame we really dread. The little pockets of early Chrstians survived because they cared exclusively for the love of 'the bretheren' and stopped their ears to the opinion of the Pagan society around them. But a circle of criminals, cranks, or perverts survives in just the same way; by becoming deaf to the opinion of the outer world, by discounting it as the chatter of outsiders who 'don't understand,' of the 'conventional,' the 'bourgeois,' the 'Establishment,' of prigs, prudes, and humbugs. -C.S. Lewis": 1, "The function of RAM is to give us guys a way of deciding whose computer has the biggest, studliest, most tumescent MEMORY. This is important, because with today's complex software, the more memory a computer has, the faster it can produce error messages. So the bottom line is, if you're a guy, you cannot have enough RAM. -Dave Barry": 1, 'Mothers are fonder than fathers of their children because they are more certain they are their own. -Aristotle': 1, "You got to be very careful if you don't know where you're going, because you might not get there. -Yogi Berra": 1, 'There is hope for the future because God has a sense of humor and we are funny to God. -Bill Cosby': 1, 'Men marry because they are tired; women because they are curious. Both are disappointed. -Oscar Wilde': 2, "Immature love says: 'I love you because I need you.' Mature love says: 'I need you because I love you.' -Erich Fromm": 2, "Learning carries within itself certain dangers because out of necessity one has to learn from one's enemies. -Leon Trotsky": 1, 'People sleep peaceably in their beds at night only because rough men stand ready to do violence on their behalf. -George Orwell': 1, "If you're afraid to ask the question, it's probably because you already know the answer. -Miriam M. Wynn": 1, 'Christ died for men precisely because men are not worth dying for; to make them worth it. -C.S. Lewis': 1, 'I always cheer up immensely if an attack is particularly wounding because I think, well, if they attack one personally, it means they have not a single political argument left. -Margaret Thatcher': 1, 'If you will not fight for the right when you can easily win without bloodshed; if you will not fight when your victory will be sure and not too costly; you may come to the moment when you will have to fight with all the odds against you and only a small chance of survival. There may even be a worse case: you may have to fight when there is no hope of victory, because it is better to perish than to live as slaves. -Winston Churchill': 1, 'I believe in Christianity as I believe that the sun has risen, not only because I see it, but because by it I see everything else. -C.S. Lewis': 2, "If you're in a boxing match, try not to let the other guy's glove touch your lips, because you don't know where that glove has been. -Jack Handey": 1, 'Question with boldness even the existence of a God; because, if there be one, he must more approve of the homage of reason, than that of blind-folded fear. -Thomas Jefferson': 1} 
church {'My mind is my own church. -Thomas Paine': 1} 
searching {'It has been said that man is a rational animal. All my life I have been searching for evidence which could support this. -Bertrand Russell': 1} 
alive {"Don't take life too seriously; you'll never get out of it alive. -Elbert Hubbard": 1, 'To be awake is to be alive. -Henry Thoreau': 1} 
luther sutherland {'It is very easy to tell the difference between man-made and God-made objects. The more you magnify man-made objects, the cruder they look, but the more you magnify God-made objects, the more precise and intricate they appear. -Luther Sutherland': 1} 
holler {'When you have the facts on your side, argue the facts. When you have the law on your side, argue the law. When you have neither, holler. -Al Gore': 1} 
charles robert {"A mathematician is a blind man in a dark room looking for a black cat which isn't there. -Charles Robert": 1} 
asserted {'Rhis is to be asserted in general of men: that they are ungrateful, fickle, false, cowardly, covetous, and as long as you succeed, are yours entirely; they will offer you their blood, property, life, and children...when the need is far distant; but when it approaches, they will turn against you. -Nicolo Machiavelli': 1} 
proper {'The mind of the thoroughly well-informed man is a dreadful thing. It is like a bric-\xe0-brac shop, all monsters and dust, with everything priced above its proper value. -Oscar Wilde': 1} 
home {'If God had wanted us to spend our time fretting about the problems of home ownership, He would never have invented beer. -Dave Barry': 1, "Christmas is a time when you get homesick, even when you're home. -Carol Nelson": 1, 'I could not handle being a woman, I would stay home all day and play with my breasts. -Steve Martin': 1, "I'm the type who'd be happy not going anywhere as long as I was sure I knew exactly what was happening at the places I wasn't going to. I'm the type who'd like to sit home and watch every party that I'm invited to on a monitor in my bedroom. -Andy Warhol": 1, 'The means of defense against foreign danger historically have become the instruments of tyranny at home. -James Madison': 1, "Having someone wonder where you are when you don't come home at night is a very old human need. -Margaret Mead": 1, 'Happy, happy Christmas, that can win us back to the delusions of our childhood days, recall to the old man the pleasures of his youth, and transport the traveler back to his own fireside and quiet home! -Charles Dickens': 1} 
empire {'Alexander, Caesar, Charlemagne, and myself founded empires; but what foundation did we rest the creations of our genius? Upon force. Jesus Christ founded an empire upon love; and at this hour millions of men would die for Him. -Napoleon Bonaparte': 1} 
peter {'A government which robs Peter to pay Paul can always depend on the support of Paul. -George Bernard Shaw': 1} 
transport {'Happy, happy Christmas, that can win us back to the delusions of our childhood days, recall to the old man the pleasures of his youth, and transport the traveler back to his own fireside and quiet home! -Charles Dickens': 1} 
happens {"Life is what happens to you while you're busy making other plans. -John Lennon": 1} 
teetotallers {"The puritanism of Christianity has played havoc with the moderation that an enlightened and tolerant critical spirit would have produced. I've noticed that in whatever country, county, town, or other region there is a regulation enjoining temperance, the population seems to be entirely composed of teetotallers and drunkards. There's a Bible on that shelf there. But I keep it next to Voltaire - poison and antidote. -Bertrand Russell": 1} 
forgives {'The public is wonderfully tolerant. It forgives everything except genius. -Oscar Wilde': 1} 
lead {"Don't walk in front of me, I may not follow. Don't walk behind me, I may not lead. Just walk beside me and be my friend. -Albert Camus": 1, "You do not lead by hitting people over the head \x97 that's assault, not leadership. -Dwight Eisenhower": 1, 'The Nation which indulges toward another an habitual hatred or an habitual fondness is in some degree a slave. It is a slave to its animosity or to its affection, either of which is sufficient to lead it astray from its duty and its interest. -George Washington': 1, 'Though force can protect in emergency, only justice, fairness, consideration and cooperation can finally lead men to the dawn of eternal peace. -Dwight Eisenhower': 1, 'Everything that irritates us about others can lead us to an understanding of ourselves. -Carl Jung': 1} 
broad {'The broad masses of a population are more amenable to the appeal of rhetoric than to any other force. -Adolf Hitler': 1, 'The mystic chords of memory, stretching from every battlefield and patriot grave to every living heart and hearthstone all over this broad land, will yet swell the chorus of the Union, when again touched, as surely they will be, by the better angels of our nature. -Abraham Lincoln': 1} 
avoid {'Avoid the base hypocrisy of condemning in one man what you pass over in silence when committed by another. -Theodore Roosevelt': 1, 'Love anything and your heart will be wrung and possibly broken. If you want to make sure of keeping it intact you must give it to no one, not even an animal. Wrap it carefully round with hobbies and little luxuries; avoid all entanglements. Lock it up safe in the casket or coffin of your selfishness. But in that casket, safe, dark, motionless, airless, it will change. It will not be broken; it will become unbreakable, impenetrable, irredeemable. To love is to be vulnerable. -C.S. Lewis': 1} 
bertrand russell {"The puritanism of Christianity has played havoc with the moderation that an enlightened and tolerant critical spirit would have produced. I've noticed that in whatever country, county, town, or other region there is a regulation enjoining temperance, the population seems to be entirely composed of teetotallers and drunkards. There's a Bible on that shelf there. But I keep it next to Voltaire - poison and antidote. -Bertrand Russell": 1, 'Those who forget good and evil and seek only to know the facts are more likely to achieve good than those who view the world through the distorting medium of their own desires. -Bertrand Russell': 1, 'It has been said that man is a rational animal. All my life I have been searching for evidence which could support this. -Bertrand Russell': 1, 'Men are born ignorant, not stupid; they are made stupid by education. -Bertrand Russell': 1} 
philosopher {'To be a philosopher is not merely to have subtle thoughts; but so to love wisdom as to live according to its dictates. -Henry Thoreau': 1} 
brains {'It is astonishing what an effort it seems to be for many people to put their brains definitely and systematically to work. -Thomas Edison': 1} 
does {'Not only does God play dice, but he sometimes throws them where they cannot be seen. -Stephen Hawking': 1, 'Life does not cease to be funny when people die any more than it ceases to be serious when people laugh. -George Bernard Shaw': 1, 'Who does not thank for little will not thank for much. -Author Unknown': 1, 'Success does not consist in never making mistakes but in never making the same one a second time. -George Bernard Shaw': 1, 'Success, the real success, does not depend upon the position you hold but upon how you carry yourself in that position. -Theodore Roosevelt': 1, "History doesn't repeat itself, but it does rhyme. -Mark Twain": 1, "It does not require a majority to prevail, but rather an irate, tireless minority keen to set brush fires in people's minds. -Samuel Adams": 1, 'The man who does not read good books has no advantage over the man who cannot read them. -Mark Twain': 1, 'How did it happen that their lips came together? How does it happen that birds sing, that snow melts, that the rose unfolds, that the dawn whitens behind the stark shapes of trees on the quivering summit of the hill? A kiss, and all was said. -Victor Hugo': 1, 'Humility is the foundation of all the other virtues hence, in the soul in which this virtue does not exist there cannot be any other virtue except in mere appearance. -Saint Augustine': 1, 'There are fathers who do not love their children; there is no grandfather who does not adore his grandson. -Victor Hugo': 1, 'On account of being a democracy and run by the people, we are the only nation in the world that has to keep a government four years, no matter what it does. -Will Rogers': 1, 'Without question, the greatest invention in the history of mankind is beer. Oh, I grant you that the wheel was also a fine invention, but the wheel does not go nearly as well with pizza. -Dave Barry': 1, 'Errors of haste are seldom committed singly. The first time a man always does too much. And precisely on that account he commits a second error, and then he does too little. -Friedrich Nietzsche': 2, 'One swallow does not make a summer. -Aristotle': 1, 'It behooves every man to remember that the work of the critic is of altogether secondary importance, and that, in the end, progress is accomplished by the man who does things. -Theodore Roosevelt': 1, 'He who learns but does not think, is lost! He who thinks but does not learn is in great danger. -Confucius': 2, 'Nature is trying very hard to make us succeed, but nature does not depend on us. We are not the only experiment. -Buckminster Fuller': 1, 'History does not long entrust the care of freedom to the weak or the timid. -Dwight Eisenhower': 1, 'This does not mean that the enemy is to be allowed to escape. The object is to make him believe that there is a road to safety, and thus prevent his fighting with the courage of despair. After that, you may crush him. -Sun Tzu': 1, 'Surely what a man does when he is caught off his guard is the best evidence as to what sort of man he is. -C.S. Lewis': 1, 'Are you entitled to the fruits of your labor or does government have some presumptive right to spend and spend and spend? -Ronald Reagan': 1, 'Ignorance more frequently begets confidence than does knowledge. -Charles Darwin': 1, 'There is hardly a political question in the United States which does not sooner or later turn into a judicial one. -Alexis de Tocqueville': 1, 'God does not give heed to the ambitiousness of our prayers, because he is always ready to give to us his light, not a visible light but an intellectual and spiritual one; but we are not always ready to receive it when we turn aside and down to other things out of a desire for temporal things. -Saint Augustine': 1} 
passion {'No passion so effectually robs the mind of all its powers of acting and reasoning as fear. -Edmund Burke': 1, 'Nothing separates the generations more than music. By the time a child is eight or nine, he has developed a passion for his own music that is even stronger than his passions for procrastination and weird clothes. -Bill Cosby': 1, 'All human actions have one or more of these seven causes: chance, nature, compulsions, habit, reason, passion, desire. -Aristotle': 1} 
phyllis diller {"What I don't like about office Christmas parties is looking for a job the next day. -Phyllis Diller": 1} 
demonstrated {'The Democrats seem to be basically nicer people, but they have demonstrated time and again that they have the management skills of celery. -Dave Barry': 1} 
limitations {'Genius may have its limitations, but stupidity is not thus handicapped. -Elbert Hubbard': 1} 
manifesting {'To know what is impenetrable to us really exists, manifesting itself as the highest wisdom and the most radiant beauty...this knowledge, this feeling is at the center of true religiousness. -Albert Einstein': 1} 
noise {'Ten people who speak make more noise than ten thousand who are silent. -Napoleon Bonaparte': 1} 
obey {'He that cannot obey, cannot command. -Benjamin Franklin': 1} 
paper {'My aim is to put down on paper what I see and what I feel in the best and simplest way. -Ernest Hemingway': 1, "Without computers, the government would be unable to function at the level of effectiveness and efficiency that we have come to expect.  This is because the primary function of the government is -- and here I am quoting directly from the U.S. Constitution -- 'to spew out paper.' -Dave Barry": 1} 
pressure {'He who is of calm and happy nature will hardly feel the pressure of age, but to him who is of an opposite disposition youth and age are equally a burden. -Plato': 1} 
host {'If a man is called to be a streetsweeper, he should sweep streets even as Michelangelo painted, or Beethoven composed music, or Shakespeare wrote poetry. He should sweep streets so well that all the host of heaven and earth will pause to say, here lived a great streetsweeper who did his job well. -Martin Luther King Jr.': 1} 
petty {'Never give in--never, never, never, never, in nothing great or small, large or petty, never give in except to convictions of honour and good sense. Never yield to force; never yield to the apparently overwhelming might of the enemy. -Winston Churchill': 1} 
although {'Rome remained free for four hundred years and Sparta eight hundred, although their citizens were armed all that time; but many other states that have been disarmed have lost their liberties in less than forty years. -Nicolo Machiavelli': 1} 
worthy {'As Mankind becomes more liberal, they will be more apt to allow that all those who conduct themselves as worthy members of the community are equally entitled to the protections of civil government. I hope ever to see America among the foremost nations of justice and liberality. -George Washington': 1} 
instinct {'No sooner do we depart from sense and instinct to follow reason but we are insensibly drawn into uncouth paradoxes, difficulties, and inconsistencies, which multiply and grow upon us as we advance in speculation; till at length, having wandered through many intricate mazes, we find ourselves just where we were, or, which is worse, sit down in a forlorn scepticism. -George Berkeley': 1} 
puritanism {"The puritanism of Christianity has played havoc with the moderation that an enlightened and tolerant critical spirit would have produced. I've noticed that in whatever country, county, town, or other region there is a regulation enjoining temperance, the population seems to be entirely composed of teetotallers and drunkards. There's a Bible on that shelf there. But I keep it next to Voltaire - poison and antidote. -Bertrand Russell": 1} 
simpler {'Everything is simpler than you think and at the same time more complex than you imagine. -Johann Wolfgang von Goethe': 1} 
throne {'The greatest monarch on the proudest throne is obliged to sit upon his own arse. -Benjamin Franklin': 1} 
about {"Science is not about building a body of known 'facts'. It is a method for asking awkward questions and subjecting them to a reality-check, thus avoiding the human tendency to believe whatever makes us feel good. -Terry Pratchett": 1, 'Children today know more about sex than I or my father did. -Bill Cosby': 1, 'All good art is about something deeper than it admits. -Roger Ebert': 1, 'If you start to think about your physical or moral condition, you usually find that you are sick. -Johann Wolfgang von Goethe': 1, 'The most incomprehensible thing about the world is that it is at all comprehensible. -Albert Einstein': 1, "Instead of a trap door, what about a trap window? The guy looks out it, and if he leans too far, he falls out. Wait. I guess that's like a regular window. -Jack Handey": 1, 'Every woman knows all about everything. -Rudyard Kipling': 1, 'There is nothing funny about Halloween. This sarcastic festival reflects, rather, an infernal demand for revenge by children on the adult world. -Jean Baudrillard': 1, 'Man [has] always assumed that he was more intelligent than dolphins because he had achieved so much-the wheel, New York, wars and so on-while all the dolphins had ever done was muck about in the water having a good time. But conversely, the dolphins had always believed that they were far more intelligent than man-for precisely the same reason. -Douglas Adams': 1, 'Regarding the debate about faith and works: It\x92s like asking which blade in a pair of scissors is most important. -C.S. Lewis': 1, 'True wisdom comes to each of us when we realize how little we understand about life, ourselves, and the world around us. -Socrates': 1, 'You can discover more about a person in an hour of play than in a year of conversation. -Plato': 1, 'Prediction is very difficult, especially about the future. -Niels Bohr': 1, "We all want progress, but if you're on the wrong road, progress means doing an about-turn and walking back to the right road; in that case, the man who turns back soonest is the most progressive. -C.S. Lewis": 1, 'If God had wanted us to spend our time fretting about the problems of home ownership, He would never have invented beer. -Dave Barry': 1, 'You find out more about God from the Moral Law than from the univerise in general just as you find out more about a man by listening to his conversation than by looking at a house he has built. -C.S. Lewis': 2, "If your kid makes one of those little homemade guitars out of a cigar box and rubber bands, don't let him just play it once or twice and then throw it away. Make him practice on it, every day, for about three hours a day. Later, he'll thank you. -Jack Handey": 1, "Advice to young writers who want to get ahead without annoying delays: don\x92t write about Man, write about 'a' man. -E.B. White": 2, 'Everything that irritates us about others can lead us to an understanding of ourselves. -Carl Jung': 1, "What I don't like about office Christmas parties is looking for a job the next day. -Phyllis Diller": 1, 'The thing we all have to understand to put these last two years in focus, is that liberals in this country care more about whether European leaders like us than they do about whether terrorists are killing us. -Rush Limbaugh': 2, "Don't worry about the world coming to an end today. It's already tomorrow in Australia. -Charles Schulz": 1, "The nice thing about being a celebrity is that, if you bore people, they think it's their fault. -Henry Kissinger": 1, 'The ACLU is always yakking about the Constitution, and most of us are getting mighty tired of it. I mean, if the Constitution is so great, how come it was amended so many times? Huh? -Dave Barry': 1, "I don't always know what I'm talking about but I know I'm right. -Muhammad Ali": 1, "One thing they never tell you about child raising is that for the rest of your life, at the drop of a hat, you are expected to know your child's name and how old he or she is. -Erna Bombeck": 1, "The movie's director is the pilot. It's his vision. For an actor, the time to worry about flying is when you're on the ground. If you don't want to fly with the director, don't get on the plane. -Denzel Washington": 1, "I don't care what is written about me, so long as it isn't true. -Dorothy Parker": 1, 'A good novel tells us the truth about its hero; but a bad novel tells us the truth about its author. -GK Chesterton': 2, "It is a good idea to ''shop around'' before you settle on a doctor. Ask about the condition of his Mercedes. Ask about the competence of his mechanic. Don't be shy! After all, you're paying for it. -Dave Barry": 2, 'Let us now set forth one of the fundamental truths about marriage: the wife is in charge. -Bill Cosby': 1, 'The good thing about being bisexual is that it doubles your chance of a date on a Saturday night. -Woody Allen': 1, "I think computer viruses should count as life. I think it says something about human nature that the only form of life we have created so far is purely destructive. We've created life in our own image. -Stephen Hawking": 1} 
getting {"Be thankful we're not getting all the government we're paying for. -Will Rogers": 1, 'The ACLU is always yakking about the Constitution, and most of us are getting mighty tired of it. I mean, if the Constitution is so great, how come it was amended so many times? Huh? -Dave Barry': 1, "You know you're getting old when the candles cost more than the cake. -Bob Hope": 1, 'Remember when safe sex meant not getting caught? -Author Unknown': 1} 
universe {'Even if there is only one possible unified theory, it is just a set of rules and equations. What is it that breathes fire into the equations and makes a universe for them to describe? -Stephen Hawking': 1, 'Just as your hand, held before the eye, can hide the tallest mountain, so this small earthly life keeps us from seeing the vast radiance that fills the core of the universe. -Nachman of Bratslav': 1, 'In the beginning, the universe was created. This made a lot of people very angry, and has been widely regarded as a bad idea. -Douglas Adams': 1, 'Observe constantly that all things take place by change, and accustom thyself to consider that the nature of the Universe love nothing so much as to change. The Universe is change. -Marcus Aurelius': 2, 'There is a theory which states that if ever anyone discovers exactly what the Universe is for and why it is here, it will instantly disappear and be replaced by something even more bizarre and inexplicable. There is another theory which states that this has already happened. -Douglas Adams': 1} 
leprous {'Self-denial is the shining sore on the leprous body of Christianity. -Oscar Wilde': 1} 
angeles {"I love Thanksgiving. It's the only time in Los Angeles that you see natural breasts. -Arnold Schwarzenegger": 1} 
dependency {'That the innocent, though they may have some connexion or dependency upon the guilty (which, perhaps, they themselves cannot help), should not, upon that account, suffer or be punished for the guilty, is one of the plainest and most obvious rules of justice. -Adam Smith': 1} 
fear {'A star on a movie set is like a time bomb. That bomb has got to be defused so people can approach it without fear. -Jack Nicholson': 1, 'There are very few monsters who warrant the fear we have of them. -Andr\xe9 Gide': 1, 'Most modern freedom is at root fear. It is not so much that we are too bold to endure rules; it is rather that we are too timid to endure responsibilities. -GK Chesterton': 1, 'No passion so effectually robs the mind of all its powers of acting and reasoning as fear. -Edmund Burke': 1, "Money never made a man happy yet, nor will it. There is nothing in its nature to produce happiness. The more a man has, the more he wants. Instead of its filling a vacuum, it makes one. If it satisfies one want, it doubles and trebles that want another way. That was a true proverb of the wise man, rely upon it; ''Better is little with the fear of the Lord, than great treasure, and trouble therewith. -Benjamin Franklin": 1, 'I believe one of the reasons so many do not get a higher education is the fear of their parents that they will lose more morally than they will receive mentally. -William Jennings Bryan': 1, 'Fear not those who argue but those who dodge. -Dale Carnegie': 1, 'Question with boldness even the existence of a God; because, if there be one, he must more approve of the homage of reason, than that of blind-folded fear. -Thomas Jefferson': 1} 
blessings {'It is one of the blessings of old friends that you can afford to be stupid with them. -Ralph Waldo Emerson': 1, 'Those who expect to reap the blessings of freedom must, like men, undergo the fatigue of supporting it. -Thomas Paine': 1} 
dave barry {'Back in the old days, most families were close-knit. Grown children and their parents continued to live together, under the same roof, sometimes in the same small, crowded room, year in and year out, until they died, frequently by strangulation. -Dave Barry': 1, 'Experts tell us that if the Millennium Bug is not fixed, when the year 2000 arrives, our financial records will be inaccurate, our telephone system will be unreliable, our government will be paralyzed and airline flights will be canceled without warning. In other words, things will be pretty much the same as they are now. -Dave Barry': 1, "You should do your own car repairs. It's an easy way to save money and possibly maim yourself for life. -Dave Barry": 1, 'Thus the metric system did not really catch on in the States, unless you count the increasing popularity of the nine-millimeter bullet. -Dave Barry': 1, 'To defend Western Europe we have to let the Pentagon buy all these tanks and guns and things, and the Pentagon is unable to buy any object that that costs less than a condominium in Vail. If the Pentagon needs, say, fruit, it will argue that it must have fruit that can withstand the rigors of combat conditions, and it will wind up purchasing the FX-700 Seedless Tactical Grape, which will cost $160,000 per bunch, and will have an 83 percent failure rate. -Dave Barry': 1, 'The leading cause of death among fashion models is falling through street grates. -Dave Barry': 1, 'Karate is a form of marital arts in which people who have had years and years of training can, using only their hands and feet, make some of the worst movies in the history of the world. -Dave Barry': 1, "If a woman has to choose between catching a fly ball and saving an infant's life, she will choose to save the infant's life without even considering if there are men on base. -Dave Barry": 1, 'Without question, the greatest invention in the history of mankind is beer. Oh, I grant you that the wheel was also a fine invention, but the wheel does not go nearly as well with pizza. -Dave Barry': 1, 'If God had wanted us to spend our time fretting about the problems of home ownership, He would never have invented beer. -Dave Barry': 1, "I'm a middle age white guy, which means I'm constantly reminded that my particular group is responsible for the oppression of every known minority PLUS most wars PLUS government corruption PLUS pollution of the environment, not to mention that it was middle-age white guys who killed Bambi's mom. -Dave Barry": 1, "Without computers, the government would be unable to function at the level of effectiveness and efficiency that we have come to expect.  This is because the primary function of the government is -- and here I am quoting directly from the U.S. Constitution -- 'to spew out paper.' -Dave Barry": 1, "The function of RAM is to give us guys a way of deciding whose computer has the biggest, studliest, most tumescent MEMORY. This is important, because with today's complex software, the more memory a computer has, the faster it can produce error messages. So the bottom line is, if you're a guy, you cannot have enough RAM. -Dave Barry": 1, "The only kind of seafood I trust is the fish stick, a totally featureless fish that doesn't have eyeballs or fins. -Dave Barry": 1, 'The ACLU is always yakking about the Constitution, and most of us are getting mighty tired of it. I mean, if the Constitution is so great, how come it was amended so many times? Huh? -Dave Barry': 1, "I realise that I'm making gender-based generalizations here, but my feeling is that if God did not want us to make gender-based generalizations, She would not have given us genders. -Dave Barry": 1, 'Cooking was invented in prehistoric times, when a primitive tribe had a lucky accident. The tribe had killed an animal and was going to eat it raw, when a tribe member named Woog tripped and dropped it into the fire. At first the other tribe members were angry at Woog, but then, as the aroma of burning meat filled the air, they had an idea. So they ate Woog raw. -Dave Barry': 1, 'The Democrats seem to be basically nicer people, but they have demonstrated time and again that they have the management skills of celery. -Dave Barry': 1, "It is a good idea to ''shop around'' before you settle on a doctor. Ask about the condition of his Mercedes. Ask about the competence of his mechanic. Don't be shy! After all, you're paying for it. -Dave Barry": 1, 'Life is anything that dies when you stomp on it. -Dave Barry': 1, "It is a scientific fact that your body will not absorb cholesterol if you take it from another person's plate. -Dave Barry": 1, 'To you taxpayers out there, let me say this: Make sure you file your tax return on time! And remember that, even though income taxes can be a \x93pain in the neck,\x94 the folks at the IRS are regular people just like you, except that they can destroy your life. -Dave Barry': 1} 
nelson mandela {'For me, survival is the ability to cope with difficulties, with circumstances, and to overcome them. -Nelson Mandela': 1} 
tongue {'The first thing I do in the morning is brush my teeth and sharpen my tongue. -Dorothy Parker': 1} 
persuaded {"No distance of place or lapse of time can lessen the friendship of those who are thoroughly persuaded of each other's worth. -Robert Southey": 1} 
pool {'Sex at age ninety is like trying to shoot pool with a rope. -George Burns': 1} 
software {"The function of RAM is to give us guys a way of deciding whose computer has the biggest, studliest, most tumescent MEMORY. This is important, because with today's complex software, the more memory a computer has, the faster it can produce error messages. So the bottom line is, if you're a guy, you cannot have enough RAM. -Dave Barry": 1} 
equally {'He who is of calm and happy nature will hardly feel the pressure of age, but to him who is of an opposite disposition youth and age are equally a burden. -Plato': 1, 'As Mankind becomes more liberal, they will be more apt to allow that all those who conduct themselves as worthy members of the community are equally entitled to the protections of civil government. I hope ever to see America among the foremost nations of justice and liberality. -George Washington': 1} 
own {"Associate yourself with men of good quality if you esteem your own reputation; for 'tis better to be alone than in bad company. -George Washington": 1, 'The greatest monarch on the proudest throne is obliged to sit upon his own arse. -Benjamin Franklin': 1, 'I have often wondered how it is that every man loves himself more than all the rest of men, but yet sets less value on his own opinion of himself than on the opinion of others. -Marcus Aurelius': 1, "You should do your own car repairs. It's an easy way to save money and possibly maim yourself for life. -Dave Barry": 1, 'Perhaps one of the most important accomplishments of my administration has been minding my own business. -Calvin Coolidge': 1, 'When I took office, only high energy physicists had ever heard of what is called the Worldwide Web....now even my cat has its own page. -Bill Clinton': 1, 'Nothing separates the generations more than music. By the time a child is eight or nine, he has developed a passion for his own music that is even stronger than his passions for procrastination and weird clothes. -Bill Cosby': 1, 'I have gathered a posie of other men\x92s flowers, and nothing but the thread that binds them is mine own. -John Bartlett': 1, 'I mistrust the judgment of every man in a case in which his own wishes are concerned. -Daniel Webster': 1, 'He that would make his own liberty secure, must guard even his enemy from opposition; for if he violates this duty he establishes a precedent that will reach himself. -Thomas Paine': 1, 'Happy, happy Christmas, that can win us back to the delusions of our childhood days, recall to the old man the pleasures of his youth, and transport the traveler back to his own fireside and quiet home! -Charles Dickens': 1, 'Being is desirable because it is identical with Beauty, and Beauty is loved because it is Being. We ourselves possess Beauty when we are true to our own being; ugliness is in going over to another order; knowing ourselves, we are beautiful; in self-ignorance, we are ugly. -Ambrose Bierce': 1, "We all wish to be judged by our peers, by the men 'after our own heart.' Only they really know our mind and only they judge it by standards we fully acknowledge. Theirs is the praise we really covet and the blame we really dread. The little pockets of early Chrstians survived because they cared exclusively for the love of 'the bretheren' and stopped their ears to the opinion of the Pagan society around them. But a circle of criminals, cranks, or perverts survives in just the same way; by becoming deaf to the opinion of the outer world, by discounting it as the chatter of outsiders who 'don't understand,' of the 'conventional,' the 'bourgeois,' the 'Establishment,' of prigs, prudes, and humbugs. -C.S. Lewis": 1, 'A Native American elder once described his own inner struggles in this manner: Inside of me there are two dogs. One of the dogs is mean and evil. The other dog is good. The mean dog fights the good dog all the time. When asked which dog wins, he reflected. -George Bernard Shaw': 1, 'Mothers are fonder than fathers of their children because they are more certain they are their own. -Aristotle': 1, 'Peace is its own reward. -Mahatma Gandhi': 1, 'My mind is my own church. -Thomas Paine': 1, 'True patriotism hates injustice in its own land more than anywhere else. -Clarence Darrow': 1, "Having a male gynecologist is like going to an auto mechanic who doesn't own a car. -Carrie Snow": 1, "Of all tyrannies, a tyranny exercised for the good of its victims may be the most oppressive. It may be better to live under robber barons than under omnipotent moral busybodies. The robber baron's cruelty may sometimes sleep, his cupidity may at some point be satiated; but those who torment us for our own good will torment us without end, for they do so with the approval of their own conscience. -C.S. Lewis": 2, 'Those who forget good and evil and seek only to know the facts are more likely to achieve good than those who view the world through the distorting medium of their own desires. -Bertrand Russell': 1, 'If all our misfortunes were laid in one common heap, whence everyone must take an equal portion, most people would be content to take their own and depart. -Socrates': 1, 'She was what we used to call a suicide blond - dyed by her own hand. -Saul Bellow': 1, "I think computer viruses should count as life. I think it says something about human nature that the only form of life we have created so far is purely destructive. We've created life in our own image. -Stephen Hawking": 1} 
letters {'More than kisses, letters mingle souls. -John Donne': 1} 
kinda {"To me, clowns aren't funny. In fact, they're kinda scary. I've wondered where this started, and I think it goes back to the time I went to the circus and a clown killed my dad. -Jack Handey": 1} 
vulgarity {"I've been accused of vulgarity. I say that's bullshit. -Mel Brooks": 1} 
washington {"I didn't come to Washington to be loved and I haven't been disappointed. -Philip L. Gramm": 1, 'Washington is a Hollywood for ugly people. Hollywood is a Washington for the simpleminded. -John McCain': 2, 'Washington is a city of Southern efficiency and Northern charm. -John F. Kennedy': 1} 
britney spears {'I get to go to lots of overseas places, like Canada. -Britney Spears': 1, "Just because I look sexy on the cover of Rolling Stone doesn't mean I'm naughty. -Britney Spears": 1} 
guard {'Surely what a man does when he is caught off his guard is the best evidence as to what sort of man he is. -C.S. Lewis': 1, 'Guard with jealous attention the public liberty. Suspect everyone who approaches that jewel. -Patrick Henry': 1, 'In the councils of government, we must guard against the acquisition of unwarranted influence, whether sought or unsought, by the military-industrial complex. -Dwight Eisenhower': 1, 'He that would make his own liberty secure, must guard even his enemy from opposition; for if he violates this duty he establishes a precedent that will reach himself. -Thomas Paine': 1} 
weather {"Don't knock the weather; nine-tenths of the people couldn't start a conversation if it didn't change once in a while. -Kin Hubbard": 1} 
promise {'There are men in all ages who mean to govern well, but they mean to govern. They promise to be good masters, but they mean to be masters. -Daniel Webster': 1} 
brush {'The first thing I do in the morning is brush my teeth and sharpen my tongue. -Dorothy Parker': 1, "It does not require a majority to prevail, but rather an irate, tireless minority keen to set brush fires in people's minds. -Samuel Adams": 1} 
joseph barth {'Marriage is our last, best chance to grow up. -Joseph Barth': 1} 
artists {'All children are artists. The problem is how to remain an artist once he grows up. -Pablo Picasso': 1} 
roads {'Two roads diverged in a wood, and I...I took the one less traveled by, and that has made all the difference. -Robert Frost': 1} 
capable {'To be what we are, and to become what we are capable of becoming, is the only end of life. -Robert Louis Stevenson': 1} 
mere {'Humility is the foundation of all the other virtues hence, in the soul in which this virtue does not exist there cannot be any other virtue except in mere appearance. -Saint Augustine': 1} 
mississippi {'From the prodigious hilltops of New Hampshire, let freedom ring. From the mighty mountains of New York, let freedom ring. From the heightening Alleghenies of Pennsylvania, let freedom ring. But not only that: Let freedom ring from every hill and molehill of Mississippi. -Martin Luther King Jr.': 1} 
accused {"I've been accused of vulgarity. I say that's bullshit. -Mel Brooks": 1} 
impatience {'Nature thrives on patience; man on impatience. -Paul Boese': 1} 
elastic {'The time which we have at our disposal every day is elastic; the passions we feel expand it, those that we inspire contract it, and habit fills up what remains. -Marcel Proust': 1} 
stainless {'Some of your countrymen were unable to distinguish between their native dislike for war and the stainless patriotism of those who suffered its scars. But there has been a rethinking and now we can say to you, and say as a nation, thank you for your courage. -Ronald Reagan': 1} 
museum {"When this girl at the museum asked me who I liked better, Monet or Manet, I said, 'I like mayonnaise.' She just stared at me, so I said it again, louder. Then she left. I guess she went to try to find some mayonnaise for me. -Jack Handey": 1, "Speeches are for the younger men who are going places. And I'm not going anyplace except six feet under the floor of that little chapel adjoining the museum and library at Abilene. -Dwight Eisenhower": 1} 
noticed {"The puritanism of Christianity has played havoc with the moderation that an enlightened and tolerant critical spirit would have produced. I've noticed that in whatever country, county, town, or other region there is a regulation enjoining temperance, the population seems to be entirely composed of teetotallers and drunkards. There's a Bible on that shelf there. But I keep it next to Voltaire - poison and antidote. -Bertrand Russell": 1} 
delusions {'Happy, happy Christmas, that can win us back to the delusions of our childhood days, recall to the old man the pleasures of his youth, and transport the traveler back to his own fireside and quiet home! -Charles Dickens': 1} 
inner {'A Native American elder once described his own inner struggles in this manner: Inside of me there are two dogs. One of the dogs is mean and evil. The other dog is good. The mean dog fights the good dog all the time. When asked which dog wins, he reflected. -George Bernard Shaw': 1, 'When an American says that he loves his country, he means not only that he loves the New England hills, the prairies glistening in the sun, the wide and rising plains, the great mountains, and the sea. He means that he loves an inner air, an inner light in which freedom lives and in which a man can draw the breath of self-respect. -Adlai Stevenson': 2, "Never continue in a job you don't enjoy. If you're happy in what you're doing, you'll like yourself, you'll have inner peace. And if you have that, along with physical health, you will have had more success than you could possibly have imagined. -Johnny Carson": 1} 
biggest {"The function of RAM is to give us guys a way of deciding whose computer has the biggest, studliest, most tumescent MEMORY. This is important, because with today's complex software, the more memory a computer has, the faster it can produce error messages. So the bottom line is, if you're a guy, you cannot have enough RAM. -Dave Barry": 1, 'The biggest bore is the person who is bored by everyone and everything. -Frank Tyger': 1} 
extravagant {'Women are the only realists; their whole object in life is to pit their realism against the extravagant, excessive, and occasionally drunken idealism of men. -GK Chesterton': 1} 
yogi berra {"You got to be very careful if you don't know where you're going, because you might not get there. -Yogi Berra": 1, "A nickel isn't worth a dime today. -Yogi Berra": 1, "It ain't over till it's over. -Yogi Berra": 1, 'If people don\x92t come to the games, you can\x92t stop them. -Yogi Berra': 1} 
inspiration {'Inspiration exists, but it has to find you working. -Pablo Picasso': 1, 'Genius is one per cent inspiration, ninety-nine per cent perspiration. -Thomas Edison': 1} 
naturally {'Though I am not naturally honest, I am sometimes by chance. -William Shakespeare': 1} 
function {"The function of RAM is to give us guys a way of deciding whose computer has the biggest, studliest, most tumescent MEMORY. This is important, because with today's complex software, the more memory a computer has, the faster it can produce error messages. So the bottom line is, if you're a guy, you cannot have enough RAM. -Dave Barry": 1, "Without computers, the government would be unable to function at the level of effectiveness and efficiency that we have come to expect.  This is because the primary function of the government is -- and here I am quoting directly from the U.S. Constitution -- 'to spew out paper.' -Dave Barry": 2, 'We are living in a world, where what we earn is a function of what we learn. -Bill Clinton': 1} 
michelangelo {'If a man is called to be a streetsweeper, he should sweep streets even as Michelangelo painted, or Beethoven composed music, or Shakespeare wrote poetry. He should sweep streets so well that all the host of heaven and earth will pause to say, here lived a great streetsweeper who did his job well. -Martin Luther King Jr.': 1} 
buy {"I like to say that I'm bisexual...when I want sex, I buy it. -Boy George": 1, 'To defend Western Europe we have to let the Pentagon buy all these tanks and guns and things, and the Pentagon is unable to buy any object that that costs less than a condominium in Vail. If the Pentagon needs, say, fruit, it will argue that it must have fruit that can withstand the rigors of combat conditions, and it will wind up purchasing the FX-700 Seedless Tactical Grape, which will cost $160,000 per bunch, and will have an 83 percent failure rate. -Dave Barry': 2} 
i've {"To me, clowns aren't funny. In fact, they're kinda scary. I've wondered where this started, and I think it goes back to the time I went to the circus and a clown killed my dad. -Jack Handey": 1, "I've worked for four presidents and watched two others up close, and I know that there's no such thing as a routine day in the Oval Office. -Dick Cheney": 1, "I've had a wonderful time, but this wasn't it. -Groucho Marx": 1, "There are people who put their dreams in a little box and say, Yes, I've got dreams, of course I've got dreams. Then they put the box away and bring it out once in awhile to look in it, and yep, they're still there. -Erna Bombeck": 2, "I've got more trophies than Wayne Gretzky & The Pope combined! -Homer Simpson": 1, "The puritanism of Christianity has played havoc with the moderation that an enlightened and tolerant critical spirit would have produced. I've noticed that in whatever country, county, town, or other region there is a regulation enjoining temperance, the population seems to be entirely composed of teetotallers and drunkards. There's a Bible on that shelf there. But I keep it next to Voltaire - poison and antidote. -Bertrand Russell": 1, "I've been accused of vulgarity. I say that's bullshit. -Mel Brooks": 1, "A 'geek' by definition is someone who eats live animals....I've never eaten live animals. -Crispin Glover": 1} 
bus {'Everyone is in awe of the lion tamer in a cage with half a dozen lions -- everyone but a school bus driver. -Laurence Peter': 1} 
but {"I didn't attend the funeral, but I sent a nice letter saying I approved of it. -Mark Twain": 1, "The most exciting phrase to hear in science, the one that heralds new discoveries, is not 'Eureka!' (I found it!) but 'That's funny...' -Isaac Asimov": 1, 'Inspiration exists, but it has to find you working. -Pablo Picasso': 1, 'All art is but imitation of nature. -Lucius Annaeus Seneca': 1, "The puritanism of Christianity has played havoc with the moderation that an enlightened and tolerant critical spirit would have produced. I've noticed that in whatever country, county, town, or other region there is a regulation enjoining temperance, the population seems to be entirely composed of teetotallers and drunkards. There's a Bible on that shelf there. But I keep it next to Voltaire - poison and antidote. -Bertrand Russell": 1, 'There are several good protections against temptation, but the surest is cowardice. -Mark Twain': 1, 'Education is an admirable thing, but it is well to remember from time to time that nothing that is worth knowing can be taught. -Oscar Wilde': 1, "Anybody can become angry - that is easy, but to be angry with the right person and to the right degree and at the right time and for the right purpose, and in the right way - that is not within everybody's power and is not easy. -Aristotle": 1, 'Through pride we are ever deceiving ourselves. But deep down below the surface of the average conscience a still, small voice says to us, something is out of tune. -Carl Jung': 1, 'I almost had a pyschic girlfriend, but she left me before we met. -Steven Wright': 1, "What sunshine is to flowers, smiles are to humanity. These are but trifles, to be sure; but scattered along life's pathway, the good they do is inconceivable. -Joseph Addison": 2, 'Some of your countrymen were unable to distinguish between their native dislike for war and the stainless patriotism of those who suffered its scars. But there has been a rethinking and now we can say to you, and say as a nation, thank you for your courage. -Ronald Reagan': 1, "Of all tyrannies, a tyranny exercised for the good of its victims may be the most oppressive. It may be better to live under robber barons than under omnipotent moral busybodies. The robber baron's cruelty may sometimes sleep, his cupidity may at some point be satiated; but those who torment us for our own good will torment us without end, for they do so with the approval of their own conscience. -C.S. Lewis": 1, 'Alexander, Caesar, Charlemagne, and myself founded empires; but what foundation did we rest the creations of our genius? Upon force. Jesus Christ founded an empire upon love; and at this hour millions of men would die for Him. -Napoleon Bonaparte': 1, 'Christmas can be celebrated in the school room with pine trees, tinsel and reindeers, but there must be no mention of the man whose birthday is being celebrated. One wonders how a teacher would answer if a student asked why it was called Christmas. -Ronald Reagan': 1, 'We are what we repeatedly do. Excellence, therefore, is not an act, but a habit. -Aristotle': 1, 'Without question, the greatest invention in the history of mankind is beer. Oh, I grant you that the wheel was also a fine invention, but the wheel does not go nearly as well with pizza. -Dave Barry': 1, "I realise that I'm making gender-based generalizations here, but my feeling is that if God did not want us to make gender-based generalizations, She would not have given us genders. -Dave Barry": 1, 'Rhis is to be asserted in general of men: that they are ungrateful, fickle, false, cowardly, covetous, and as long as you succeed, are yours entirely; they will offer you their blood, property, life, and children...when the need is far distant; but when it approaches, they will turn against you. -Nicolo Machiavelli': 1, 'The object of war is not to die for your country but to make the other bastard die for his. -George Patton': 1, 'He that fights and runs away, may turn and fight another day; but he that is in battle slain, will never rise to fight again. -Tacitus': 1, 'From the prodigious hilltops of New Hampshire, let freedom ring. From the mighty mountains of New York, let freedom ring. From the heightening Alleghenies of Pennsylvania, let freedom ring. But not only that: Let freedom ring from every hill and molehill of Mississippi. -Martin Luther King Jr.': 1, 'We need not just a new generation of leadership but a new gender of leadership. -Bill Clinton': 1, 'The writer\x92s job is not to judge, but to seek to understand. -Ernest Hemingway': 1, 'Everyone is in awe of the lion tamer in a cage with half a dozen lions -- everyone but a school bus driver. -Laurence Peter': 1, 'Originality is the fine art of remembering what you hear but forgetting where you heard it. -Laurence Peter': 1, 'Imagination will often carry us to worlds that never were. But without it, we go nowhere. -Carl Sagan': 1, "History doesn't repeat itself, but it does rhyme. -Mark Twain": 1, "It does not require a majority to prevail, but rather an irate, tireless minority keen to set brush fires in people's minds. -Samuel Adams": 1, 'Knowledge rests not upon truth alone, but upon error also. -Carl Jung': 1, 'In any fairly large and talkative community such as a university there is always the danger that those who think alike should gravitate together where they will henceforth encounter opposition only in the emasculated form of rumour that the outsiders say thus and thus. The absent are easily refuted, complacent dogmatism thrives, and differences of opinion are embittered by the group hostility. Each group hears not the best, but the worst, that the other group can say. -C.S. Lewis': 1, 'All enterprises that are entered into with indiscreet zeal may be pursued with great vigor at first, but are sure to collapse in the end. -Tacitus': 1, 'Call on God, but row away from the rocks. -Hunter S. Thompson': 1, "Duties are not performed for duty's sake, but because their neglect would make the man uncomfortable. A man performs but one duty - the duty of contenting his spirit, the duty of making himself agreeable to himself. -Mark Twain": 2, 'It is very easy to tell the difference between man-made and God-made objects. The more you magnify man-made objects, the cruder they look, but the more you magnify God-made objects, the more precise and intricate they appear. -Luther Sutherland': 1, 'To be a philosopher is not merely to have subtle thoughts; but so to love wisdom as to live according to its dictates. -Henry Thoreau': 1, 'The cost of freedom is always high, but Americans have always paid it. And one path we shall never choose, and that is the path of surrender, or submission. -John F. Kennedy': 1, 'Cowards die many times before their deaths. The valiant never taste of death but once. -William Shakespeare': 1, 'Of course the people dont want war...that is understood. But voice or no voice, the people can always be brought to the bidding of the leaders. That is easy. All you have to do is tell them they are being attacked, and denounce the pacifists for lack of patriotism and exposing the country to danger. It works the same in any country. -Hermann Goering': 1, 'You may delay, but time will not. -Benjamin Franklin': 1, 'Success, the real success, does not depend upon the position you hold but upon how you carry yourself in that position. -Theodore Roosevelt': 1, 'Beauty is all very well at first sight; but whoever looks at it when it has been in the house three days? -George Bernard Shaw': 1, 'Anyone who invokes authors in discussion is not using his intelligence but his memory. -Leonardo da Vinci': 1, 'Rings and jewels are not gifts but apologies for gifts. The only true gift is a portion of yourself. -Ralph Waldo Emerson': 1, "I paid too much for it, but it's worth it. -Samuel Goldwyn": 1, 'You know what the fellow said: In Italy for thirty years under the Borgias they had warfare, terror, murder, and bloodshed, but they produced Michaelangelo, Leonardo Da Vinci, and the Renaissance. In Switzerland, they had brotherly love--they had five hundred years of democracy and peace, and what did they produce? The cuckoo clock. -Orson Welles': 1, 'We should take care not to make the intellect our god; it has, of course, powerful muscles, but no personality. -Albert Einstein': 1, 'Patriotism is not short, frenzied outbursts of emotion, but the tranquil and steady dedication of a lifetime. -Adlai Stevenson': 1, 'Religion operates not only on the vertical plane but also on the horizontal. It seeks not only to integrate men with God but to integrate men with men and each man with himself. -Martin Luther King Jr.': 2, "A diplomat is a man who always remembers a woman's birthday but never remembers her age. -Robert Frost": 1, "I've had a wonderful time, but this wasn't it. -Groucho Marx": 1, "Of course I don't believe in it. But I understand that it brings you luck whether you believe in it or not. -Niels Bohr": 1, "'Tis the business of little minds to shrink, but he whose heart is firm, and whose conscience approves his conduct, will pursue his principles unto death. -Thomas Paine": 1, 'If there is any principle of the Constitution that more imperatively calls for attachment than any other it is the principle of free thought, not free thought for those who agree with us but freedom for the thought that we hate. -Oliver Wendell Holmes': 1, 'Freedom is nothing else but a chance to be better. -Albert Camus': 1, 'I have often wondered how it is that every man loves himself more than all the rest of men, but yet sets less value on his own opinion of himself than on the opinion of others. -Marcus Aurelius': 1, 'No sooner do we depart from sense and instinct to follow reason but we are insensibly drawn into uncouth paradoxes, difficulties, and inconsistencies, which multiply and grow upon us as we advance in speculation; till at length, having wandered through many intricate mazes, we find ourselves just where we were, or, which is worse, sit down in a forlorn scepticism. -George Berkeley': 1, 'Man [has] always assumed that he was more intelligent than dolphins because he had achieved so much-the wheel, New York, wars and so on-while all the dolphins had ever done was muck about in the water having a good time. But conversely, the dolphins had always believed that they were far more intelligent than man-for precisely the same reason. -Douglas Adams': 1, 'There are painters who transform the sun to a yellow spot, but there are others who with the help of their art and their intelligence, transform a yellow spot into the sun. -Pablo Picasso': 1, "My role in society, or any artist's or poet's role, is to try and express what we all feel. Not to tell people how to feel. Not as a preacher, not as a leader, but as a reflection of us all. -John Lennon": 1, 'Egalitarians create the most dangerous inequality of all -- inequality of power. Allowing politicians to determine what all other human beings will be allowed to earn is one of the most reckless gambles imaginable. Like the income tax, it may start off being applied only to the rich but it will inevitably reach us all. -Thomas Sowell': 1, "We all want progress, but if you're on the wrong road, progress means doing an about-turn and walking back to the right road; in that case, the man who turns back soonest is the most progressive. -C.S. Lewis": 1, 'We are all worms, but I do believe I am a glow-worm. -Winston Churchill': 1, 'Such is the delicacy of man alone, that no object is produced to his liking. He finds that in everything there is need for improvement. The whole industry of human life is employed not in procuring the supply of our three humble necessities, food, clothes and lodging, but in procuring the conveniences of it according to the nicety and delicacy of our tastes. -Adam Smith': 1, 'We make a living by what we get, but we make a life by what we give. -Winston Churchill': 1, 'There are men in all ages who mean to govern well, but they mean to govern. They promise to be good masters, but they mean to be masters. -Daniel Webster': 2, "I'm never going to be famous. My name will never be writ large on the roster of Those Who Do Things. I don't do any thing. Not one single thing. I used to bite my nails, but I don't even do that any more. -Dorothy Parker": 1, 'Bashfulness is an ornament to youth, but a reproach to old age. -Aristotle': 1, "We all wish to be judged by our peers, by the men 'after our own heart.' Only they really know our mind and only they judge it by standards we fully acknowledge. Theirs is the praise we really covet and the blame we really dread. The little pockets of early Chrstians survived because they cared exclusively for the love of 'the bretheren' and stopped their ears to the opinion of the Pagan society around them. But a circle of criminals, cranks, or perverts survives in just the same way; by becoming deaf to the opinion of the outer world, by discounting it as the chatter of outsiders who 'don't understand,' of the 'conventional,' the 'bourgeois,' the 'Establishment,' of prigs, prudes, and humbugs. -C.S. Lewis": 1, 'It is hard to fail, but it is worse never to have tried to succeed. -Theodore Roosevelt': 1, 'Time is a great teacher, but unfortunately it kills all its pupils. -Louis Hector Berlioz': 1, 'The surface of American society is covered with a layer of democratic paint, but from time to time one can see the old aristocratic colours breaking through. -Alexis de Tocqueville': 1, 'The greatest thing in this world is not so much where we are, but in what direction we are moving. -Oliver Wendell Holmes': 1, 'Government consists in nothing else but so controlling subjects that they shall neither be able to, nor have cause to do it harm. -Nicolo Machiavelli': 1, 'Sin has many tools, but a lie is the handle which fits them all. -Edmund Burke': 1, 'Cooking was invented in prehistoric times, when a primitive tribe had a lucky accident. The tribe had killed an animal and was going to eat it raw, when a tribe member named Woog tripped and dropped it into the fire. At first the other tribe members were angry at Woog, but then, as the aroma of burning meat filled the air, they had an idea. So they ate Woog raw. -Dave Barry': 1, 'Not everybody trusts paintings, but people believe photographs. -Ansel Adams': 1, "Mothers all want their sons to grow up to be president, but they don't want them to become politicians in the process. -John F. Kennedy": 1, 'What is the most important for democracy is not that great fortunes should not exist, but that great fortunes should not remain in the same hands. In that way there are rich men, but they do not form a class. -Alexis de Tocqueville': 2, 'Knowledge comes, but wisdom lingers. -Calvin Coolidge': 1, 'Grief can take care of itself, but to get the full value of joy you must have somebody to divide it with. -Mark Twain': 1, 'I believe in Christianity as I believe that the sun has risen, not only because I see it, but because by it I see everything else. -C.S. Lewis': 1, 'Not only does God play dice, but he sometimes throws them where they cannot be seen. -Stephen Hawking': 1, 'The fool doth think he is wise, but the wise man knows himself to be a fool. -William Shakespeare': 1, 'I may be drunk, Miss, but in the morning I will be sober and you will still be ugly. -Winston Churchill': 1, 'Success does not consist in never making mistakes but in never making the same one a second time. -George Bernard Shaw': 1, "It's not how much we give but how much love we put into giving. -Mother Teresa": 1, "Being president is like being a jackass in a hailstorm. There's nothing to do but stand there and take it. -Lyndon B. Johnson": 1, 'No man but a blockhead ever wrote, except for money. -Samuel Johnson': 1, 'God does not give heed to the ambitiousness of our prayers, because he is always ready to give to us his light, not a visible light but an intellectual and spiritual one; but we are not always ready to receive it when we turn aside and down to other things out of a desire for temporal things. -Saint Augustine': 2, 'Money can help you to get medicines but not health. Money can help you to get soft pillows, but not sound sleep. Money can help you to get material comforts, but not eternal bliss. Money can help you to get ornaments, but not beauty. Money will help you to get an electric earphone, but not natural hearing. Attain the supreme wealth, wisdom, and you will have everything. -Benjamin Franklin': 5, "We must repsect the other fellow's religion, but only in the sense and to the extent that we respect his theory that his wife is beautiful and his children are smart. -Henry Mencken": 1, 'Fear not those who argue but those who dodge. -Dale Carnegie': 1, 'My main objective is to be professional but to kill him. -Mike Tyson': 1, 'Love anything and your heart will be wrung and possibly broken. If you want to make sure of keeping it intact you must give it to no one, not even an animal. Wrap it carefully round with hobbies and little luxuries; avoid all entanglements. Lock it up safe in the casket or coffin of your selfishness. But in that casket, safe, dark, motionless, airless, it will change. It will not be broken; it will become unbreakable, impenetrable, irredeemable. To love is to be vulnerable. -C.S. Lewis': 1, "I'm not normally a religious man, but if you're up there, save me, Superman! -Homer Simpson": 1, 'Genius may have its limitations, but stupidity is not thus handicapped. -Elbert Hubbard': 1, 'Heroism is not only in the man, but in the occasion. -Calvin Coolidge': 1, 'I have gathered a posie of other men\x92s flowers, and nothing but the thread that binds them is mine own. -John Bartlett': 1, 'Anger is never without an argument, but seldom with a good one. -George Savile': 1, 'We turn not older with years, but newer every day. -Emily Dickinson': 1, "I don't work according to nature, but infront and together with it. An artist must observe the nature, but never confuse it with the art. -Pablo Picasso": 2, 'He who learns but does not think, is lost! He who thinks but does not learn is in great danger. -Confucius': 2, 'Nature is trying very hard to make us succeed, but nature does not depend on us. We are not the only experiment. -Buckminster Fuller': 1, 'Take time to deliberate, but when the time for action has arrived, stop thinking and go in. -Napoleon Bonaparte': 1, 'Rome remained free for four hundred years and Sparta eight hundred, although their citizens were armed all that time; but many other states that have been disarmed have lost their liberties in less than forty years. -Nicolo Machiavelli': 1, 'One can resist the invasion of an army but one cannot resist the invasion of ideas. -Victor Hugo': 1, 'When nothing seems to help, I go and look at a stonecutter hammering away at his rock perhaps a hundred times without as much as a crack showing in it. Yet at the hundred and first blow it will split in two, and I know it was not that blow that did it, but all that had gone before. -Jacob August Riis': 1, 'Idealism is fine, but as it approaches reality, the costs become prohibitive. -William F. Buckley': 1, 'He who is of calm and happy nature will hardly feel the pressure of age, but to him who is of an opposite disposition youth and age are equally a burden. -Plato': 1, "I don't always know what I'm talking about but I know I'm right. -Muhammad Ali": 1, 'If you have an apple and I have an apple and we exchange these apples then you and I will still each have one apple. But if you have an idea and I have an idea and we exchange these ideas, then each of us will have two ideas. -George Bernard Shaw': 1, "You know, there's a million fine looking women in the world, dude. But they don't all bring you lasagna at work. Most of 'em just cheat on you. -Kevin Smith": 1, 'Remember not only to say the right thing in the right place, but far more difficult still, to leave unsaid the wrong thing at the tempting moment. -Benjamin Franklin': 1, 'The Democrats seem to be basically nicer people, but they have demonstrated time and again that they have the management skills of celery. -Dave Barry': 1, 'A good novel tells us the truth about its hero; but a bad novel tells us the truth about its author. -GK Chesterton': 1, 'Not only is there no God, but try finding a plumber on Sunday. -Woody Allen': 1, "Sex without love is a meaningless experience, but as far as meaningless experiences go, it's pretty damn good. -Woody Allen": 1, 'Obstacles do not exist to be surrendered to, but only to be broken. -Adolf Hitler': 1, 'Science is facts; just as houses are made of stones, so is science made of facts; but a pile of stones is not a house and a collection of facts is not necessarily science. -Henri Poincare': 1} 
subjective {"I have come to the conclusion that my subjective account of my motivation is largely mythical on almost all occasions. I don't know why I do things. -J.B.S. Haldane": 1} 
reminds {"Middle age is when you've met so many people that every new person you meet reminds you of someone else. -Ogden Nash": 1} 
gain {'It must be remembered that there is nothing more difficult to plan, more doubtful of success nor more dangerous to manage than the creation of a new system. For the initiator has the enmity of all who profit by the preservation of the old institution and merely lukewarm defenders in those who would gain by the new one. -Nicolo Machiavelli': 1, "Every author should weigh his work and ask, 'Will humanity gain any benefit from it?' -Nachman of Bratslav": 1} 
battlefield {'The mystic chords of memory, stretching from every battlefield and patriot grave to every living heart and hearthstone all over this broad land, will yet swell the chorus of the Union, when again touched, as surely they will be, by the better angels of our nature. -Abraham Lincoln': 1} 
highest {"A man's very highest moment is, I have no doubt at all, when he kneels in the dust, and beats his breast, and tells all the sins of his life. -Oscar Wilde": 1, 'You are young, my son, and, as the years go by, time will change and even reverse many of your present opinions. Refrain therefore awhile from setting yourself up as a judge of the highest matters. -Plato': 1, 'To know what is impenetrable to us really exists, manifesting itself as the highest wisdom and the most radiant beauty...this knowledge, this feeling is at the center of true religiousness. -Albert Einstein': 1, 'I believe the highest aspiration of man should be individual freedom and the development of the individual. -Ronald Reagan': 1} 
samuel adams {"It does not require a majority to prevail, but rather an irate, tireless minority keen to set brush fires in people's minds. -Samuel Adams": 1, 'He therefore is the truest friend to the liberty of this country who tries most to promote its virtue, and who, so far as his power and influence extend, will not suffer a man to be chosen into any office of power and trust who is not a wise and virtuous man. -Samuel Adams': 1} 
he {'Every decent man is ashamed of the government he lives under. -Henry Mencken': 1, 'Imagination is a quality given a man to compensate him for what he is not, and a sense of humor was provided to console him for what he is. -Oscar Wilde': 2, 'Any reviewer who expresses rage and loathing for a novel is preposterous. He or she is like a person who has put on full armor and attacked a hot fudge sundae. -Kurt Vonnegut': 1, "A University of Chicago professor said the greatest day in the world was when a water puppy crawled out on land and decided to stay. The water puppy, he said, went on to become a man. If he proves that, I am willing to give up Christmas, Thanksgiving, and New Year's Day, and to celebrate Water Puppy Day. -William Jennings Bryan": 2, 'If the primary aim of a captain were to preserve his ship, he would keep it in port forever. -Thomas Aquinas': 1, 'Indeed, man wishes to be happy even when he so lives as to make happiness impossible. -Saint Augustine': 1, 'He has all the virtues I dislike and none of the vices I admire. -Winston Churchill': 1, 'Such is the delicacy of man alone, that no object is produced to his liking. He finds that in everything there is need for improvement. The whole industry of human life is employed not in procuring the supply of our three humble necessities, food, clothes and lodging, but in procuring the conveniences of it according to the nicety and delicacy of our tastes. -Adam Smith': 1, 'If God had wanted us to spend our time fretting about the problems of home ownership, He would never have invented beer. -Dave Barry': 1, "'Tis the business of little minds to shrink, but he whose heart is firm, and whose conscience approves his conduct, will pursue his principles unto death. -Thomas Paine": 1, 'Hanging is too good for a man who makes puns -- he should be drawn and quoted. -Fred Allen': 1, 'He wrapped himself in quotations--as a beggar would enfold himself in the purple of Emperors. -Rudyard Kipling': 1, 'God does not give heed to the ambitiousness of our prayers, because he is always ready to give to us his light, not a visible light but an intellectual and spiritual one; but we are not always ready to receive it when we turn aside and down to other things out of a desire for temporal things. -Saint Augustine': 1, "Instead of a trap door, what about a trap window? The guy looks out it, and if he leans too far, he falls out. Wait. I guess that's like a regular window. -Jack Handey": 2, 'Nothing separates the generations more than music. By the time a child is eight or nine, he has developed a passion for his own music that is even stronger than his passions for procrastination and weird clothes. -Bill Cosby': 1, 'Errors of haste are seldom committed singly. The first time a man always does too much. And precisely on that account he commits a second error, and then he does too little. -Friedrich Nietzsche': 2, 'When an American says that he loves his country, he means not only that he loves the New England hills, the prairies glistening in the sun, the wide and rising plains, the great mountains, and the sea. He means that he loves an inner air, an inner light in which freedom lives and in which a man can draw the breath of self-respect. -Adlai Stevenson': 5, "I told my psychiatrist that everyone hates me. He said I was being ridiculous - everyone hasn't met me yet. -Rodney Dangerfield": 1, "One thing they never tell you about child raising is that for the rest of your life, at the drop of a hat, you are expected to know your child's name and how old he or she is. -Erna Bombeck": 1, 'If a man is called to be a streetsweeper, he should sweep streets even as Michelangelo painted, or Beethoven composed music, or Shakespeare wrote poetry. He should sweep streets so well that all the host of heaven and earth will pause to say, here lived a great streetsweeper who did his job well. -Martin Luther King Jr.': 2, 'Man [has] always assumed that he was more intelligent than dolphins because he had achieved so much-the wheel, New York, wars and so on-while all the dolphins had ever done was muck about in the water having a good time. But conversely, the dolphins had always believed that they were far more intelligent than man-for precisely the same reason. -Douglas Adams': 2, "Money never made a man happy yet, nor will it. There is nothing in its nature to produce happiness. The more a man has, the more he wants. Instead of its filling a vacuum, it makes one. If it satisfies one want, it doubles and trebles that want another way. That was a true proverb of the wise man, rely upon it; ''Better is little with the fear of the Lord, than great treasure, and trouble therewith. -Benjamin Franklin": 1, 'He therefore is the truest friend to the liberty of this country who tries most to promote its virtue, and who, so far as his power and influence extend, will not suffer a man to be chosen into any office of power and trust who is not a wise and virtuous man. -Samuel Adams': 1, 'Like many intellectuals, he was incapable of saying a simple thing in a simple way. -Marcel Proust': 1, 'He that would live in peace and at ease must not speak all he knows or all he sees. -Benjamin Franklin': 3, 'Nobody can have the consolations of religion or philosophy unless he has first experienced their desolations. -Aldous Huxley': 1, "A man's very highest moment is, I have no doubt at all, when he kneels in the dust, and beats his breast, and tells all the sins of his life. -Oscar Wilde": 1, 'The fool doth think he is wise, but the wise man knows himself to be a fool. -William Shakespeare': 1, 'You find out more about God from the Moral Law than from the univerise in general just as you find out more about a man by listening to his conversation than by looking at a house he has built. -C.S. Lewis': 1, 'He who is not courageous enough to take risks will accomplish nothing in life. -Muhammad Ali': 1, "God help the man who won't marry until he finds a perfect woman, and God help him still more if he finds her. -Benjamin Tillet": 2, "I know God will not give me anything I can't handle. I just wish that He didn't trust me so much. -Mother Teresa": 1, 'He who learns but does not think, is lost! He who thinks but does not learn is in great danger. -Confucius': 2, 'He that would make his own liberty secure, must guard even his enemy from opposition; for if he violates this duty he establishes a precedent that will reach himself. -Thomas Paine': 3, 'If a man is proud of his wealth, he should not be praised until it is known how he employs it. -Socrates': 2, 'A Native American elder once described his own inner struggles in this manner: Inside of me there are two dogs. One of the dogs is mean and evil. The other dog is good. The mean dog fights the good dog all the time. When asked which dog wins, he reflected. -George Bernard Shaw': 1, 'He who controls the present, controls the past. He who controls the past, controls the future. -George Orwell': 2, 'Surely what a man does when he is caught off his guard is the best evidence as to what sort of man he is. -C.S. Lewis': 2, 'A man is never more truthful than when he acknowledges himself a liar. -Mark Twain': 1, 'He who is of calm and happy nature will hardly feel the pressure of age, but to him who is of an opposite disposition youth and age are equally a burden. -Plato': 1, "I once said cynically of a politician, 'He'll doublecross that bridge when he comes to it.' -Oscar Levant": 1, 'Every man must decide whether he will walk in the light of creative altruism or in the darkness of destructive selfishness. -Martin Luther King Jr.': 1, 'Against criticism a man can neither protest nor defend himself; he must act in spite of it, and then it will gradually yield to him. -Johann Wolfgang von Goethe': 1, 'All children are artists. The problem is how to remain an artist once he grows up. -Pablo Picasso': 1, 'He that cannot obey, cannot command. -Benjamin Franklin': 1, 'Not only does God play dice, but he sometimes throws them where they cannot be seen. -Stephen Hawking': 1, 'He that fights and runs away, may turn and fight another day; but he that is in battle slain, will never rise to fight again. -Tacitus': 2, 'The worst moment for the athieist is when he feels thankful and has no one to thank. -Dante Gabriel Rossetti': 1, 'To have the reputation of possessing the most perfect social tact, talk to every woman as if you loved her, and to every man as if he bored you. -Oscar Wilde': 1, 'Opera is when a guy gets stabbed in the back and, instead of bleeding, he sings. -Ed Gardner': 1, 'Question with boldness even the existence of a God; because, if there be one, he must more approve of the homage of reason, than that of blind-folded fear. -Thomas Jefferson': 1} 
count {"I think computer viruses should count as life. I think it says something about human nature that the only form of life we have created so far is purely destructive. We've created life in our own image. -Stephen Hawking": 1, 'When angry, count ten before you speak; if very angry, a hundred. -Thomas Jefferson': 1, 'Thus the metric system did not really catch on in the States, unless you count the increasing popularity of the nine-millimeter bullet. -Dave Barry': 1} 
genitals {"Ah, yes, divorce...from the Latin word meaning to rip out a man's genitals through his wallet. -Robin Williams": 1} 
made {'Ocean: A body of water occupying 2/3 of a world made for man...who has no gills. -Ambrose Bierce': 1, 'Man was made for action, and to promote by the exertion of his faculties such changes in the external circumstances both of himself and others, as may seem most favourable to the happiness of all. -Adam Smith': 1, 'Two roads diverged in a wood, and I...I took the one less traveled by, and that has made all the difference. -Robert Frost': 1, 'Intoxicated with unbroken success, we have become too self-sufficient to feel the necessity of redeeming and preserving grace, too proud to pray to the God that made us. -Abraham Lincoln': 1, 'Few people think more than two or three times a year. I have made an international reputation for myself by thinking once or twice a week. -George Bernard Shaw': 1, 'Every gun that is made, every warship launched, every rocket fired, signifies in the final sense a theft from those who hunger and are not fed, those who are cold and are not clothed. -Dwight Eisenhower': 1, 'It is very easy to tell the difference between man-made and God-made objects. The more you magnify man-made objects, the cruder they look, but the more you magnify God-made objects, the more precise and intricate they appear. -Luther Sutherland': 4, "By the time we've made it, we've had it. -Malcolm Forbes": 1, 'Anyone who has never made a mistake has never tried anything new. -Albert Einstein': 1, "Thus far, the reputed idiot Bush has graduated from Yale and Harvard, made a stack of cash in the oil industry, become the first consecutive-term governor of Texas, defeated a dual-term VP for the presidency, and led his party to [November 5th's] extraordinary triumphs. Let his opponents keep calling him stupid; if they do, within five years Bush will be King of England, the Pope, and world Formula One motor racing champion. -Tim Blair": 1, 'In the beginning, the universe was created. This made a lot of people very angry, and has been widely regarded as a bad idea. -Douglas Adams': 1, "Money never made a man happy yet, nor will it. There is nothing in its nature to produce happiness. The more a man has, the more he wants. Instead of its filling a vacuum, it makes one. If it satisfies one want, it doubles and trebles that want another way. That was a true proverb of the wise man, rely upon it; ''Better is little with the fear of the Lord, than great treasure, and trouble therewith. -Benjamin Franklin": 1, 'Men are born ignorant, not stupid; they are made stupid by education. -Bertrand Russell': 1, 'I made this letter longer than usual because I lack the time to make it short. -Blaise Pascal': 1, 'Andy Warhol made fame more famous. -Fran Lebowitz': 1, 'Nothing before had ever made me thoroughly realise, though I had read various scientific books, that science consists in grouping facts so that general laws or conclusions may be drawn from them. -Charles Darwin': 1, 'Science is facts; just as houses are made of stones, so is science made of facts; but a pile of stones is not a house and a collection of facts is not necessarily science. -Henri Poincare': 2} 
wise {'The fool doth think he is wise, but the wise man knows himself to be a fool. -William Shakespeare': 2, "Money never made a man happy yet, nor will it. There is nothing in its nature to produce happiness. The more a man has, the more he wants. Instead of its filling a vacuum, it makes one. If it satisfies one want, it doubles and trebles that want another way. That was a true proverb of the wise man, rely upon it; ''Better is little with the fear of the Lord, than great treasure, and trouble therewith. -Benjamin Franklin": 1, "To be wise and love exceeds man's might. -William Shakespeare": 1, 'He therefore is the truest friend to the liberty of this country who tries most to promote its virtue, and who, so far as his power and influence extend, will not suffer a man to be chosen into any office of power and trust who is not a wise and virtuous man. -Samuel Adams': 1, "Life's Tragedy is that we get old to soon and wise too late. -Benjamin Franklin": 1, 'Love is the wisdom of the fool and the folly of the wise. -Samuel Johnson': 1} 
beds {'People sleep peaceably in their beds at night only because rough men stand ready to do violence on their behalf. -George Orwell': 1} 
glory {'All glory is fleeting. -George Patton': 1, 'There is no glory in battle worth the blood it costs. -Dwight Eisenhower': 1} 
vigor {'All enterprises that are entered into with indiscreet zeal may be pursued with great vigor at first, but are sure to collapse in the end. -Tacitus': 1} 
wish {"We all wish to be judged by our peers, by the men 'after our own heart.' Only they really know our mind and only they judge it by standards we fully acknowledge. Theirs is the praise we really covet and the blame we really dread. The little pockets of early Chrstians survived because they cared exclusively for the love of 'the bretheren' and stopped their ears to the opinion of the Pagan society around them. But a circle of criminals, cranks, or perverts survives in just the same way; by becoming deaf to the opinion of the outer world, by discounting it as the chatter of outsiders who 'don't understand,' of the 'conventional,' the 'bourgeois,' the 'Establishment,' of prigs, prudes, and humbugs. -C.S. Lewis": 1, 'You must be the change you wish to see in the world. -Mahatma Gandhi': 1, 'Always leave something to wish for; otherwise you will be miserable from your very happiness. -Baltasar Gracian': 1, 'I am Envy. I cannot read and therefore wish all books burned. -Christopher Marlowe': 1, "I know God will not give me anything I can't handle. I just wish that He didn't trust me so much. -Mother Teresa": 1} 
chords {'The mystic chords of memory, stretching from every battlefield and patriot grave to every living heart and hearthstone all over this broad land, will yet swell the chorus of the Union, when again touched, as surely they will be, by the better angels of our nature. -Abraham Lincoln': 1} 
below {'Through pride we are ever deceiving ourselves. But deep down below the surface of the average conscience a still, small voice says to us, something is out of tune. -Carl Jung': 1} 
convince {"If you can't convince them, confuse them. -Harry Truman": 1} 
cake {"You know you're getting old when the candles cost more than the cake. -Bob Hope": 1} 
problem {'No easy problem ever comes to the President of the United States. If they are easy to solve, somebody else has solved them. -John F. Kennedy': 1, 'All children are artists. The problem is how to remain an artist once he grows up. -Pablo Picasso': 1, 'There is no question that there is an unseen world. The problem is, how far is it from midtown and how late is it open? -Woody Allen': 1, 'Government is not a solution to our problem, government is the problem. -Ronald Reagan': 2, 'I have one yardstick by which I test every major problem-and that yardstick is: Is it good for America? -Dwight Eisenhower': 1, "To grasp the full significance of life is the actor's duty, to interpret it is his problem and to express it his dedication. -Marlon Brando": 1} 
piece {'America is not like a blanket: one piece of unbroken cloth, the same color, the same texture, the same size. America is more like a quilt: many patches, many pieces, many colors, many sizes, all woven and held together by a common thread. -Jesse Jackson': 1} 
life's {"Blood is the ink of our life's story. -Jason Mechalek": 1, "What sunshine is to flowers, smiles are to humanity. These are but trifles, to be sure; but scattered along life's pathway, the good they do is inconceivable. -Joseph Addison": 1, "Life's most persistent and urgent question is, 'What are you doing for others?' -Martin Luther King Jr.": 1, "Life's Tragedy is that we get old to soon and wise too late. -Benjamin Franklin": 1, "Many of life's failures are people who did not realize how close they were to success when they gave up. -Thomas Edison": 1} 
supreme {'Money can help you to get medicines but not health. Money can help you to get soft pillows, but not sound sleep. Money can help you to get material comforts, but not eternal bliss. Money can help you to get ornaments, but not beauty. Money will help you to get an electric earphone, but not natural hearing. Attain the supreme wealth, wisdom, and you will have everything. -Benjamin Franklin': 1} 
deaths {'A single death is a tragedy; a million deaths is a statistic. -Joseph Stalin': 1, 'Cowards die many times before their deaths. The valiant never taste of death but once. -William Shakespeare': 1} 
carolyn gifford {'In the Orthodox spiritual tradition, the ultimate moral question we ask is the following: Is what we are doing, is what I am doing, beautiful or not? -Carolyn Gifford': 1} 
recognize {'Freedom is the right to question and change the established way of doing things. It is the continuous revolution of the marketplace. It is the understanding that allows us to recognize shortcomings and seek solutions. -Ronald Reagan': 1, 'Experience is that marvelous thing that enables you to recognize a mistake when you make it again. -Franklin Jones': 1} 
circus {"To me, clowns aren't funny. In fact, they're kinda scary. I've wondered where this started, and I think it goes back to the time I went to the circus and a clown killed my dad. -Jack Handey": 1} 
kisses {'More than kisses, letters mingle souls. -John Donne': 1} 
meaningless {"Sex without love is a meaningless experience, but as far as meaningless experiences go, it's pretty damn good. -Woody Allen": 2} 
fellow's {"We must repsect the other fellow's religion, but only in the sense and to the extent that we respect his theory that his wife is beautiful and his children are smart. -Henry Mencken": 1} 
skywards {'Once you have flown, you will walk the earth with your eyes turned skywards, for there you have been, and there you long to return. -Leonardo da Vinci': 1} 
beats {"A man's very highest moment is, I have no doubt at all, when he kneels in the dust, and beats his breast, and tells all the sins of his life. -Oscar Wilde": 1} 
goodness {"How did it get so late so soon? It's night before it's afternoon. December is here before it's June. My goodness how the time has flewn. How did it get so late so soon? -Theodor Seuss Geisel": 1, 'It is by the goodness of God that, in this country, we have three benefits: freedom of speech, freedom of thought, and the wisdom never to use either. -Mark Twain': 1, 'It is a grand mistake to think of being great without goodness and I pronounce it as certain that there was never a truly great man that was not at the same time truly virtuous. -Benjamin Franklin': 1} 
ink {"Blood is the ink of our life's story. -Jason Mechalek": 1} 
fleeting {'All glory is fleeting. -George Patton': 1, 'Beauty is ever to the lonely mind a shadow fleeting; she is never plain. She is a visitor who leaves behind the gift of grief, the souvenir of pain. -Christopher Morley': 1} 
education {'Education is an admirable thing, but it is well to remember from time to time that nothing that is worth knowing can be taught. -Oscar Wilde': 1, 'The direction in which education starts a man will determine his future life. -Plato': 1, 'I have never let my schooling interfere with my education. -Mark Twain': 1, 'Good manners will open doors that the best education cannot. -Clarence Thomas': 1, 'Men are born ignorant, not stupid; they are made stupid by education. -Bertrand Russell': 1, 'I believe one of the reasons so many do not get a higher education is the fear of their parents that they will lose more morally than they will receive mentally. -William Jennings Bryan': 1, 'Education is the ability to listen to almost anything without losing your temper or your self-confidence. -Robert Frost': 1, 'The giving of love is an education in itself. -Eleanor Roosevelt': 1} 
pit {'Women are the only realists; their whole object in life is to pit their realism against the extravagant, excessive, and occasionally drunken idealism of men. -GK Chesterton': 1} 
girl {'Love is the delightful interval between meeting a beautiful girl and discovering that she looks like a haddock. -John Barrymore': 1, "When this girl at the museum asked me who I liked better, Monet or Manet, I said, 'I like mayonnaise.' She just stared at me, so I said it again, louder. Then she left. I guess she went to try to find some mayonnaise for me. -Jack Handey": 1, "To find out a girl's faults, praise her to her girl friends. -Benjamin Franklin": 1} 
retrospect {'I am a writer of books in retrospect. I talk in order to understand; I teach in order to learn. -Robert Frost': 1} 
marilyn monroe {"Ever notice that 'what the hell' is always the right decision? -Marilyn Monroe": 1} 
functions {'The health of a democratic society may be measured by the quality of functions performed by private citizens. -Alexis de Tocqueville': 1} 
variety {'If variety is the spice of life, marriage is the big can of leftover Spam. -Johnny Carson': 1} 
roger ebert {'All good art is about something deeper than it admits. -Roger Ebert': 1, 'The MPAA rates this PG-13. It is too vulgar for anyone under 13, and too dumb for anyone over 13. -Roger Ebert': 1, "No matter what they're charging to get in, it's worth more to get out. -Roger Ebert": 1, 'I arrive at the end of this review having done my duty as a critic. I have described the movie accurately and you have a good idea what you are in for if you go to see it. Most of you will not. I cannot argue with you. Some of you will--the brave and the curious. You embody the spirit of the man who first wondered what it would taste like to eat an oyster. -Roger Ebert': 1} 
percent {'If eighty percent of your sales come from twenty percent of all of your items, just carry those twenty percent. -Henry Kissinger': 3, 'Corrupt politicians make the other ten percent look bad. -Henry Kissinger': 1, 'To defend Western Europe we have to let the Pentagon buy all these tanks and guns and things, and the Pentagon is unable to buy any object that that costs less than a condominium in Vail. If the Pentagon needs, say, fruit, it will argue that it must have fruit that can withstand the rigors of combat conditions, and it will wind up purchasing the FX-700 Seedless Tactical Grape, which will cost $160,000 per bunch, and will have an 83 percent failure rate. -Dave Barry': 1} 
other {'She is not perfect. You are not perfect. The question is whether or not you are perfect for each other. -Robin Williams': 1, 'God does not give heed to the ambitiousness of our prayers, because he is always ready to give to us his light, not a visible light but an intellectual and spiritual one; but we are not always ready to receive it when we turn aside and down to other things out of a desire for temporal things. -Saint Augustine': 1, "The puritanism of Christianity has played havoc with the moderation that an enlightened and tolerant critical spirit would have produced. I've noticed that in whatever country, county, town, or other region there is a regulation enjoining temperance, the population seems to be entirely composed of teetotallers and drunkards. There's a Bible on that shelf there. But I keep it next to Voltaire - poison and antidote. -Bertrand Russell": 1, 'If there is any principle of the Constitution that more imperatively calls for attachment than any other it is the principle of free thought, not free thought for those who agree with us but freedom for the thought that we hate. -Oliver Wendell Holmes': 1, "We must repsect the other fellow's religion, but only in the sense and to the extent that we respect his theory that his wife is beautiful and his children are smart. -Henry Mencken": 1, 'Experts tell us that if the Millennium Bug is not fixed, when the year 2000 arrives, our financial records will be inaccurate, our telephone system will be unreliable, our government will be paralyzed and airline flights will be canceled without warning. In other words, things will be pretty much the same as they are now. -Dave Barry': 1, 'Marriage is the alliance of two people, one of whom never remembers birthdays and the other who never forgets. -Ogden Nash': 1, 'By a curious confusion, many modern critics have passed from the proposition that a masterpiece may be unpopular to the other proposition that unless it is unpopular it cannot be a masterpiece. -GK Chesterton': 1, 'Humility is the foundation of all the other virtues hence, in the soul in which this virtue does not exist there cannot be any other virtue except in mere appearance. -Saint Augustine': 2, 'The broad masses of a population are more amenable to the appeal of rhetoric than to any other force. -Adolf Hitler': 1, 'I have gathered a posie of other men\x92s flowers, and nothing but the thread that binds them is mine own. -John Bartlett': 1, "Life is what happens to you while you're busy making other plans. -John Lennon": 1, 'Corrupt politicians make the other ten percent look bad. -Henry Kissinger': 1, 'Egalitarians create the most dangerous inequality of all -- inequality of power. Allowing politicians to determine what all other human beings will be allowed to earn is one of the most reckless gambles imaginable. Like the income tax, it may start off being applied only to the rich but it will inevitably reach us all. -Thomas Sowell': 1, 'Serious sport has nothing to do with fair play. It is bound up with hatred, jealousy, boastfulness, disregard of all rules and sadistic pleasure in witnessing violence. In other words: it is war minus the shooting. -George Orwell': 1, 'In any fairly large and talkative community such as a university there is always the danger that those who think alike should gravitate together where they will henceforth encounter opposition only in the emasculated form of rumour that the outsiders say thus and thus. The absent are easily refuted, complacent dogmatism thrives, and differences of opinion are embittered by the group hostility. Each group hears not the best, but the worst, that the other group can say. -C.S. Lewis': 1, 'If we have no peace, it is because we have forgotten that we belong to each other. -Mother Teresa': 1, "The right to swing my fist ends where the other man's nose begins. -Oliver Wendell Holmes": 1, 'Rome remained free for four hundred years and Sparta eight hundred, although their citizens were armed all that time; but many other states that have been disarmed have lost their liberties in less than forty years. -Nicolo Machiavelli': 1, "I had a dream the other night. I dreamed that Jimmy Carter came to me and asked why I wanted his job. I told him I didn't want his job. I want to be President. -Ronald Reagan": 1, 'A Native American elder once described his own inner struggles in this manner: Inside of me there are two dogs. One of the dogs is mean and evil. The other dog is good. The mean dog fights the good dog all the time. When asked which dog wins, he reflected. -George Bernard Shaw': 1, "This is the second most exciting indoor sport, and the other one shouldn't have spectators. -Dick Vertleib": 1, 'The object of war is not to die for your country but to make the other bastard die for his. -George Patton': 1, 'Let us not forget that the cultivation of the earth is the most important labor of man. When tillage begins, other arts will follow. The farmers, therefore, are the founders of civilization. -Daniel Webster': 1, "Life is not a support system for art. It's the other way around. -Stephen King": 1, "The days of looking the other way while despotic regimes trample human rights, rob their nations' wealth, and then excuse their failings by feeding their people a steady diet of anti-Western hatred are over. -Dick Cheney": 1, "If you're in a boxing match, try not to let the other guy's glove touch your lips, because you don't know where that glove has been. -Jack Handey": 1, 'Cooking was invented in prehistoric times, when a primitive tribe had a lucky accident. The tribe had killed an animal and was going to eat it raw, when a tribe member named Woog tripped and dropped it into the fire. At first the other tribe members were angry at Woog, but then, as the aroma of burning meat filled the air, they had an idea. So they ate Woog raw. -Dave Barry': 1} 
aclu {'The ACLU is always yakking about the Constitution, and most of us are getting mighty tired of it. I mean, if the Constitution is so great, how come it was amended so many times? Huh? -Dave Barry': 1} 
sick {'If you start to think about your physical or moral condition, you usually find that you are sick. -Johann Wolfgang von Goethe': 1, 'Film lovers are sick people. -Francois Truffaut': 1} 
skies {"We've got to live. No matter how many skies have fallen. -D.H. Lawrence": 1} 
illusion {'A great deal of intelligence can be invested in ignorance when the need for illusion is deep. -Saul Bellow': 1} 
reckless {'Egalitarians create the most dangerous inequality of all -- inequality of power. Allowing politicians to determine what all other human beings will be allowed to earn is one of the most reckless gambles imaginable. Like the income tax, it may start off being applied only to the rich but it will inevitably reach us all. -Thomas Sowell': 1} 
conclusion {"I have come to the conclusion that my subjective account of my motivation is largely mythical on almost all occasions. I don't know why I do things. -J.B.S. Haldane": 1, 'I think and think for months and years, ninety-nine times, the conclusion is false. The hundredth time I am right. -Albert Einstein': 1} 
gallant {'Why, you can take the most gallant sailor, the most intrepid airman or the most audacious soldier, put them at a table together - what do you get? The sum of their fears. -Winston Churchill': 1} 
repeat {"History doesn't repeat itself, but it does rhyme. -Mark Twain": 1} 
star {'A star on a movie set is like a time bomb. That bomb has got to be defused so people can approach it without fear. -Jack Nicholson': 1} 
oppression {"I'm a middle age white guy, which means I'm constantly reminded that my particular group is responsible for the oppression of every known minority PLUS most wars PLUS government corruption PLUS pollution of the environment, not to mention that it was middle-age white guys who killed Bambi's mom. -Dave Barry": 1, 'If tyranny and oppression come to this land, it will be in the guise of fighting a foreign enemy. -James Madison': 1} 
june {"How did it get so late so soon? It's night before it's afternoon. December is here before it's June. My goodness how the time has flewn. How did it get so late so soon? -Theodor Seuss Geisel": 1} 
lubricate {'Games lubricate the body and the mind. -Benjamin Franklin': 1} 
stay {"You don't have to stay up nights to succeed; you have to stay awake days. -Author Unknown": 2, "A University of Chicago professor said the greatest day in the world was when a water puppy crawled out on land and decided to stay. The water puppy, he said, went on to become a man. If he proves that, I am willing to give up Christmas, Thanksgiving, and New Year's Day, and to celebrate Water Puppy Day. -William Jennings Bryan": 1, 'I could not handle being a woman, I would stay home all day and play with my breasts. -Steve Martin': 1} 
chance {'The whole life of an American is passed like a game of chance, a revolutionary crisis, or a battle. -Alexis de Tocqueville': 1, 'All human actions have one or more of these seven causes: chance, nature, compulsions, habit, reason, passion, desire. -Aristotle': 1, 'Though I am not naturally honest, I am sometimes by chance. -William Shakespeare': 1, '\x93Take a chance! All life is a chance. The man who goes farthest is generally the one who is willing to do and dare. -Dale Carnegie': 2, 'Marriage is our last, best chance to grow up. -Joseph Barth': 1, 'If you will not fight for the right when you can easily win without bloodshed; if you will not fight when your victory will be sure and not too costly; you may come to the moment when you will have to fight with all the odds against you and only a small chance of survival. There may even be a worse case: you may have to fight when there is no hope of victory, because it is better to perish than to live as slaves. -Winston Churchill': 1, 'Freedom is nothing else but a chance to be better. -Albert Camus': 1, 'The good thing about being bisexual is that it doubles your chance of a date on a Saturday night. -Woody Allen': 1, 'From kindergarten to graduation, I went to public schools, and I know that they are a key to being sure that every child has a chance to succeed and to rise in the world. -Dick Cheney': 1} 
earthly {'Just as your hand, held before the eye, can hide the tallest mountain, so this small earthly life keeps us from seeing the vast radiance that fills the core of the universe. -Nachman of Bratslav': 1, 'To me there has never been a higher source of earthly honor or distinction than that connected with advances in science. -Isaac Newton': 1} 
animosity {'The Nation which indulges toward another an habitual hatred or an habitual fondness is in some degree a slave. It is a slave to its animosity or to its affection, either of which is sufficient to lead it astray from its duty and its interest. -George Washington': 1} 
enterprises {'All enterprises that are entered into with indiscreet zeal may be pursued with great vigor at first, but are sure to collapse in the end. -Tacitus': 1} 
friends {'It is one of the blessings of old friends that you can afford to be stupid with them. -Ralph Waldo Emerson': 1, "The statistics on sanity are that one out of every four Americans are suffering from some form of mental illness. Think of your three best friends. If they're okay, then it's you. -Rita Mae Brown": 1, 'Humility must always be the portion of any man who receives acclaim earned in blood of his followers and sacrifices of his friends. -Dwight Eisenhower': 1, 'My friends are my estate. -Emily Dickinson': 1, "To find out a girl's faults, praise her to her girl friends. -Benjamin Franklin": 1} 
christians {'I like your Christ, I do not like your Christians. Your Christians are so unlike your Christ. -Mahatma Gandhi': 2} 
dolphins {'Man [has] always assumed that he was more intelligent than dolphins because he had achieved so much-the wheel, New York, wars and so on-while all the dolphins had ever done was muck about in the water having a good time. But conversely, the dolphins had always believed that they were far more intelligent than man-for precisely the same reason. -Douglas Adams': 3} 
rope {'Fatherhood is pretending the present you love most is soap on-a-rope. -Bill Cosby': 1, 'Sex at age ninety is like trying to shoot pool with a rope. -George Burns': 1} 
jewel {'Guard with jealous attention the public liberty. Suspect everyone who approaches that jewel. -Patrick Henry': 1} 
persistent {"Life's most persistent and urgent question is, 'What are you doing for others?' -Martin Luther King Jr.": 1} 
rule {'There is only one rule for being a good talker - learn to listen. -Christopher Morley': 1, 'I do not believe one can settle how much we ought to give. I am afraid the only safe rule is to give more than we can spare. -C.S. Lewis': 1} 
gardens {'Poetry is the art of creating imaginary gardens with real toads. -Marianne Moore': 1} 
portion {'Humility must always be the portion of any man who receives acclaim earned in blood of his followers and sacrifices of his friends. -Dwight Eisenhower': 1, 'If all our misfortunes were laid in one common heap, whence everyone must take an equal portion, most people would be content to take their own and depart. -Socrates': 1, 'Rings and jewels are not gifts but apologies for gifts. The only true gift is a portion of yourself. -Ralph Waldo Emerson': 1} 
gynecologist {"Having a male gynecologist is like going to an auto mechanic who doesn't own a car. -Carrie Snow": 1} 
understand {'Children always understand. They have open minds. They have built-in shit detectors. -Madonna Ciccone': 1, 'The writer\x92s job is not to judge, but to seek to understand. -Ernest Hemingway': 1, 'I am a writer of books in retrospect. I talk in order to understand; I teach in order to learn. -Robert Frost': 1, 'The thing we all have to understand to put these last two years in focus, is that liberals in this country care more about whether European leaders like us than they do about whether terrorists are killing us. -Rush Limbaugh': 1, "When I see a play and understand it the first time, then I know it can't be much good. -T.S. Eliot": 1, "We all wish to be judged by our peers, by the men 'after our own heart.' Only they really know our mind and only they judge it by standards we fully acknowledge. Theirs is the praise we really covet and the blame we really dread. The little pockets of early Chrstians survived because they cared exclusively for the love of 'the bretheren' and stopped their ears to the opinion of the Pagan society around them. But a circle of criminals, cranks, or perverts survives in just the same way; by becoming deaf to the opinion of the outer world, by discounting it as the chatter of outsiders who 'don't understand,' of the 'conventional,' the 'bourgeois,' the 'Establishment,' of prigs, prudes, and humbugs. -C.S. Lewis": 1, 'Let us have faith that right makes might, and in that faith, let us, to the end, dare to do our duty as we understand it. -Abraham Lincoln': 1, "Of course I don't believe in it. But I understand that it brings you luck whether you believe in it or not. -Niels Bohr": 1, 'True wisdom comes to each of us when we realize how little we understand about life, ourselves, and the world around us. -Socrates': 1} 
indirectly {'Whatever affects one directly, affects all indirectly. I can never be what I ought to be until you are what you ought to be. This is the interrelated structure of reality. -Martin Luther King Jr.': 1} 
